Mix the cream cheese , beef , olives , onion , and Worcestershire sauce together in a bowl until evenly blended . Keeping the mixture in the bowl , scrape it into a semi-ball shape . Cover , and refrigerate until firm , at least hours . Place a large sheet of waxed paper on a flat surface . Sprinkle with walnuts . Roll the cheese ball in the walnuts until completely covered . Transfer the cheese ball to a serving plate , or rewrap with waxed paper and refrigerate until needed . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a shallow baking dish combine the artichoke hearts , mozzarella cheese , parmesan cheese and mayonnaise . Bake for minutes , or until hot and bubbly . Sprinkle with almonds if desired . Serve hot with tortilla chips or crackers . 
Bring a small saucepan of water to boil . Turn off heat . Place sun-dried tomatoes in the water and cover for minutes . Drain and finely chop . In a medium bowl , mix cream cheese and garlic . Line a medium bowl or loaf pan with a large piece of dampened cheese cloth . Layer with / of the provolone cheese . Spread with / the pesto . Pour in / the cream cheese and garlic mixture . Layer with / the sun-dried tomatoes . Layer with / provolone , remaining pesto , remaining cream cheese and garlic mixture and remaining sun-dried tomatoes . Top with remaining provolone cheese . Pull cheese cloth around the layered mixture and gently press into a bowl to mold and remove excess oil . Chill in the refrigerator to hours . Remove cheese cloth and turn upside down onto a large dish to serve . 
Mash garlic with the salt in a small bowl . Place into a blender or food processor along with the garbanzo beans , tahini , lemon juice , honey , and enough water to cover the beans . Process until smooth . Spoon into a serving dish , and drizzle tablespoons of olive oil over the top . Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Brush pita breads with remaining olive oil , and cut into wedges . Season with salt and fresh rosemary . Bake for minutes in the preheated oven . Cool , and serve with hummus . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a medium bowl combine the shredded chicken , picante sauce and ground cumin . Mix together . In a small skillet heat vegetable oil over medium high heat . Place a corn tortilla in the oil for to seconds on either side to soften . Repeat with all of the tortillas ( if possible , have someone help you do this ) . Place tortillas on paper towel to soak up some of the oil . Put tablespoon of the chicken mixture in the center of a tortilla and sprinkle some cheese on top . Roll up tortilla and place on a lightly greased cookie sheet , seam side down . Repeat with all of the tortillas until chicken mixture is gone . If there is any cheese left over , sprinkle it over the rolled tortillas . Bake tortillas in the preheated oven for to minutes or until tortillas are a little crispy and golden brown . 
Spread cream cheese over a meat slice to cover . Place a pickle piece on one end , and roll the meat up . Repeat with remaining ingredients . Cut into / inch pieces , and chill until ready to serve . 
Mix the dry ranch salad dressing mix , mayonnaise , and milk in a bowl . Beat in the cream cheese with an electric mixer until smooth . Mix in Cheddar cheese . Cover bowl with plastic wrap , and freeze minutes . Divide mixture in half , and shape into balls . Roll each ball in almonds to coat . Cover and refrigerate balls until ready to serve . 
Soak rice in cold water , and drain . In a large bowl , mix together the ground lamb , rice , allspice , salt and pepper until well blended . Place about tablespoon of the meat mixture onto the center of each leaf . Fold the leaf over once , turn in the edges on each side , and then roll the leaf closed . Stack the leaf-rolls in a large pot , covering each layer with slices of garlic . Add just enough water to cover the rolls , then pour in the lemon juice . Add the olives to the pot for flavoring , if desired . Place a plate on top of the rolls to keep them under water . Bring to a boil , then reduce heat , cover and simmer for hour and minutes . Taste the rice for doneness . Grape leaves taste even better after sitting for several hours . Serve and enjoy . 
Pour the beet juice into a medium-size pot . Stir in the brown sugar , vinegar , water , salt , cloves , and the cinnamon stick . Place the pot over a medium heat for minutes , stirring occasionally . Place the beets into the liquid mixture and let it cook for an additional minutes to allow the beets to heat . Place the hard cooked eggs ( with the shells removed ) in a container with a tight-fitting lid . Pour the liquid and beets into the container with the eggs . Store the container in the refrigerator for approximately days before eating . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a baking sheet with parchment paper . Beat egg whites and vanilla extract in a large bowl ; add almonds and toss to coat . Stir brown sugar , white sugar , cinnamon , and salt into almonds until blended . Spread almond mixture into prepared baking dish . Bake in preheated oven , stirring every minutes , until coating is dry , about minutes . 
Stir the corn , orange bell pepper , jalapeno pepper , red onion , cilantro , lime juice , crushed red pepper , honey , salt , and pepper together in a bowl . Chill until ready to serve . 
In a large bowl , mix chicken , cabbage , carrots , green onions , green beans , green bell pepper and zucchini . In a separate bowl , beat together eggs , flour , chicken stock and soy sauce . Pour batter over chicken mixture and toss to thoroughly coat . Mix vegetable oil and sesame oil in a skillet over medium heat . Scoop about / cup batter into skillet , enough to make a / inch circle . Cover and cook minutes , or until bottom is golden brown . Flip and continue cooking minutes , or until cooked through . Drain on paper towels . 
In a large skillet over medium high heat , fry pork sausage and onion until sausage is evenly brown and onion is soft , about minutes . Drain and allow to cool slightly . Crumble sausage mixture into a large bowl and add drained sauerkraut , mustard , garlic salt , pepper and tablespoons bread crumbs . Combine cream cheese and parsley , and mix into sauerkraut mixture . Refrigerate for hour . Heat oil in deep-fryer to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Shape sauerkraut mixture into / inch balls . Coat balls with flour . In a small bowl , whisk together egg and milk . Dip floured balls in egg mixture and then roll in remaining bread crumbs . Deep fry in batches for to minutes or until golden brown . Drain on paper towels and serve hot . 
Cook and stir the ground beef and onion in a skillet over medium heat , breaking the meat up into crumbles as it cooks , until the meat is well browned , about minutes . Drain the fat from the beef in a colander . Return beef to skillet , and stir in sour cream , ketchup , salt , and garlic powder . Bring the mixture to a simmer , reduce heat , and simmer while you make the pockets . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Unroll the biscuits on a floured work surface , and lightly roll each biscuit out to a square about inches on a side . Arrange the squares on a baking sheet . Spoon to tablespoons of the beef mixture into the center of each square , and fold a corner over to meet its opposite corner , making a triangle . Seal the edges with a fork , and cut three small slits into the top of each pocket . Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown , to minutes . Brush each pocket with melted butter . 
Preheat your ovens broiler . Crumble the sausage into a large skillet over medium heat . Cook and stir until no longer pink ; drain . Arrange the tortilla chips on a baking sheet . Top with sausage , pepperoni , mozzarella cheese , and banana peppers . Place nachos under the preheated broiler until the cheese is melted , to minutes . Serve with pizza sauce for dipping . 
Mix together ranch dressing mix , garlic powder , dill and vegetable oil . Add crackers and mix gently until the crackers are coated with the mixture . Stir every minutes for hour . Store in an airtight jar . 
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil . Cook spaghetti in the boiling water , stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite , about minutes . Drain and toss in a bowl with olive oil ; refrigerate until cooled , about minutes . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spray muffin cups with cooking spray . Toss cooled spaghetti with cup Parmesan cheese . Divide spaghetti between the prepared muffin cups , arranging noodles in each cup to create nests for the meatballs . Top each nest with tablespoon pasta sauce , meatball , and more tablespoon pasta sauce , respectively . Sprinkle remaining Parmesan cheese over the tops of each meatball nest . Bake in the preheated oven until pasta and meatballs are heated through and cheese melts , to minutes . Cool slightly before transferring muffin bites to a serving platter . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Cut a / inch crisscross on the flat side of each nut . Be sure to cut through the shell to prevent the nut from exploding . Place the nuts in a shallow baking pan and bake for to minutes . Allow to cool and peel off the shell . Place nuts in a skillet with butter and saute over high heat until the butter is melted and the chestnuts are well coated . Place skillet in oven and roast until they are golden on top . Sprinkle with salt and cinnamon . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Mix ground beef , cracker crumbs , chopped onion , milk , eggs , and salt in a large bowl . Roll out meatballs and arrange on a baking sheet with a rim . Whisk together the ketchup , water , brown sugar , and nutmeg in a bowl . Pour mixture over meatballs . Bake in the preheated oven until the meatballs are no longer pink in the center , about minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line baking sheets with parchment paper . Mix together the sugar and ranch dressing mix in a shallow bowl . Cut the bacon slices in half the short way . Wrap half a bacon slice around each chunk of chicken , and secure it with a toothpick . Roll the bacon-wrapped chicken pieces in the sugar-ranch dressing mixture . Place the bacon wraps on the prepared baking sheets , and bake in the preheated oven for minutes , until the chicken is cooked through , the bacon is sizzling , and the crust is browned . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a saucepan over medium heat , combine sugar and water . Bring to a boil , and stir until sugar is dissolved . Add peanuts , and cook stirring , over medium heat until peanuts are evenly coated , and no syrup is left in pan . Spread nuts out on a baking sheet . Bake in preheated oven for minutes , stirring every minutes to evenly roast peanuts . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a large frying pan or deep fryer , heat oil to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Fry wings for approximately minutes . Transfer wings to a paper towel and let drain . Season with salt and white pepper . After the wings have drained , place them in a large mixing bowl . In a small saucepan , melt butter or margarine . Stir in hot pepper sauce . Pour mixture over chicken wings , toss to coat the wings . Place wings in a baking dish . Bake to minutes . While the chicken wings are baking , make the blue cheese dressing : In a medium size mixing bowl , combine mayonnaise , onion , garlic , parsley , sour cream , lemon juice , vinegar and blue cheese . Blend the mixture well . Arrange the baked chicken wings on a serving platter . Serve with blue cheese dressing . 
In large bowl , mix together crabmeat , mayonnaise , green onions , cilantro , lime juice , ginger , hot pepper sauce , and salt and pepper . Shape into patties . In a shallow dish , lightly beat eggs . Place bread crumbs in another shallow dish . Dip patties into egg , then press into bread crumbs to coat all over . In a large skillet , heat tablespoons oil over medium heat . Cook crab cakes in oil , adding remaining oil as needed , for minutes per side or until golden . 
Bring the rice and water to a boil in a saucepan over high heat . Reduce heat to medium-low , cover , and simmer until the rice is tender , and the liquid has been absorbed , to minutes . Stir in rice vinegar and salt . Allow to cool completely . Lay out seaweed sheets . Moisten hands with water , then spread the rice evenly on each sheet , leaving a / inch gap along one edge , lengthwise . Arrange strips of cucumber , imitation crabmeat , and cream cheese in a straight line along the side opposite of the gap . Roll the sushi from the toppings to the exposed end of the the seaweed sheet . Using a sharp wet knife , slice each roll into or pieces . Serve with minced ginger on the side . 
Place garbanzo beans in a food processor and blend into a spreadable paste . Mix in lemon juice , garlic , tahini and crushed red pepper . Blend until smooth , using more lemon juice if consistency is too thick . 
Place cauliflower in a large bowl and cover with Italian dressing . Cover and refrigerate overnight . Drain cauliflower and stir in mayonnaise , bacon bits and cheese . 
In a medium bowl , mix together the salmon , cream cheese , horseradish , lemon juice , and onion . Chill if necessary until firm enough to handle , then form into a ball . Roll in parsley and / or pecans . Refrigerate until serving . Serve with assorted crackers . 
Melt sour cream , cream cheese , shrimp soup , Worcestershire sauce and garlic salt over a low heat in a medium size pot . Cook until melted together and the mixture has a creamy texture . Pour mixture into a serving bowl . Serve hot . 
Stir the black-eyed peas , green onions , sugar , olive oil , garlic , tomatoes , cilantro , balsamic vinegar , and salt together in a mixing bowl . Mix in jalapeno peppers , if desired . Cover , and refrigerate at least six hours before serving . 
In a cup or small bowl , mix together the unpopped popcorn and oil . Pour the coated corn into a brown paper lunch sack , and sprinkle in the salt . Fold the top of the bag over twice to seal in the ingredients . Cook in the microwave at full power for / to minutes , or until you hear pauses of about seconds between pops . Carefully open the bag to avoid steam , and pour into a serving bowl . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) ; prepare a x inch glass baking dish with cooking spray . Whisk together the sugar , soy sauce , and garlic powder in a medium bowl . Arrange the wings in the bottom of the prepared dish ; pour the soy sauce mixture evenly over the wings . Bake in the preheated oven for minutes ; turn the wings over with a spatula and cook another minutes . 
Gently mix peaches , jalapeno pepper , red onion , red bell pepper , cilantro , garlic , lime juice , and lemon juice in a bowl ; season with salt and black pepper . Cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least minutes . Fold avocado into the salsa to serve . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a large skillet over medium heat , brown beef . Drain well . Stir in beans , taco sauce , chili powder and cumin . Heat until warm . Spread the meat and bean mixture into a x-inch casserole . Spread sour cream over the beef and bean mixture , then sprinkle onions , tomatoes , olives and peppers . Top with cheese . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for minutes . Serve warm . 
Heat two large skillets over medium-high heat , melt tablespoons of butter in each of the skillets and divide the mushroom caps between the two . Cook and stir the mushroom caps until the edges are slightly soft , about minutes . Place the mushrooms in a colander to drain and cool . Stir together the cream cheese and goat cheese until well blended . Mix in the onions and mushroom stems . Use all of the filling to generously fill each mushroom cap and place , filling side up , in a baking pan . Preheat the oven broiler for high heat . Melt the remaining / cup of butter with the garlic in a small saucepan over medium heat , cook the garlic for minute once the butter has completely melted . Drizzle the garlic butter over the filled mushroom caps . Place the pan of mushrooms in the preheated oven to broil until golden brown , about minutes . 
Rinse wings in cold water and place on baking sheets . Generously sprinkle Cajun seasoning on both sides of chicken , then dash all with hot sauce ( enough to cover wings , without leaking off baking sheets ) . Refrigerate for hours . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Bake chicken in preheated oven for minutes . Turn and bake for another minutes , or until chicken is cooked through ( juices run clear ) . Serve with blue cheese or ranch salad dressing , if desired . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Combine turkey , bread crumbs , spinach , egg , onion powder , and garlic powder together in a bowl . Roll mixture into palm-size meatballs and place inches apart on a baking sheet . Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center and outside is browned , to minutes . An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least degrees F ( degrees C ) . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a x inch baking dish . In a medium bowl , mix the evaporated milk , water , eggs , Cheddar cheese , flour , baking powder , margarine , green onions and jalapeno peppers . Spread mixture evenly into the baking dish . Bake in the preheated oven to minutes , or until lightly browned . Cool , cut into inch squares and serve . 
Cover eggs with water in a large pot . Cover with lid . Bring to a boil over medium-high heat . Boil gently for minutes . Drain . Run cold water over eggs until they are cold . Shell eggs . Prepare the brine in a sauce pan by combining the vinegar , water , sugar and salt . Stir over medium heat until sugar is dissolved . Layer the eggs ( whole ) and onion rings in a sterilized quart jar to within inch of the top . Add pickling spice to brine . Swirl bag around for seconds . Remove bag . Pour brine over eggs to fill jar with / inch from top . Seal with a sterilized lid . Store in the refrigerator for to weeks before serving . Serve chilled . 
Whisk vinegar , fish sauce , sugar , lime juice , garlic , and red pepper flakes together in a small bowl . Set the dipping sauce aside . Fill a large bowl with room temperature water . Add rice vermicelli and soak for hour . Bring a large pot of water to a boil . Drop in shrimp and cook until curled and pink , about minute . Remove the shrimp and drain . Slice each shrimp in half lengthwise . Transfer rice vermicelli noodles to the pot of boiling water and cook for minute . Remove and drain in a colander . Immediately rinse the vermicelli with cold water , stirring to separate the noodles . To assemble the rolls , dip rice wrapper in a large bowl of room temperature water for a few seconds to soften . Place wrapper on a work surface and top with shrimp halves , / of the chopped lettuce , / ounce vermicelli , and / each of the mint , cilantro , and Thai basil . Fold right and left edges of the wrapper over the ends of the filling and roll up the spring roll . Repeat with remaining wrappers and ingredients . Cut each roll in half and serve with dipping sauce . 
Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat ; stir flour into butter until smooth . Add onion to flour-butter mixture ; cook and stir until onion is softened , to minutes . Mix black olives , lemon juice , oil , paprika , black pepper , and salt into onion mixture ; cook and stir until heated through , about minutes . Stir chicken into mixture and remove skillet from heat and cover . Heat oil in a large , heavy saucepan or deep-fryer . Fill tortillas with chicken mixture . Roll tortilla around filling and secure with a toothpick . Fry the rolled tortillas , working in batches , in the hot oil until browned , about minutes . Transfer fried tortillas to a paper towel-lined plate using a slotted spoon or tongs . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly coat mini-muffin cups with cooking spray . Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium-low heat . Cook and stir chorizo in the hot oil until golden brown , about minutes . Stir diced potato into chorizo ; increase heat to medium and cook potatoes until tender , about minutes . Season with salt and black pepper . Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels to drain . Sprinkle to teaspoons of grated cheese in the bottom of each muffin cup . Top with to tablespoons chorizo mixture . Beat eggs , cayenne pepper , and / teaspoon salt in a large bowl until combined . Pour egg mixture evenly into muffin cups . Lightly tap the pans to remove any air bubbles . Transfer to a baking sheet and top with any remaining cheese . Bake in the preheated oven until eggs golden brown and just set , about minutes . 
Line a large colander with a cheesecloth . Stir salt into the yogurt , and pour the yogurt into the cheesecloth . Set the colander in the sink or bowl to catch the liquid that drains off . Leave to drain for hours . After draining for the hours , transfer the resulting cheese to a bowl . Stir in the olive oil . Store in a covered container in the refrigerator . 
In a medium bowl , beat together cream cheese , green onion , lemon juice , horseradish , and cayenne . Fold in salmon until well blended . Cover , and chill in the refrigerator at least hours . Shape the cream cheese and salmon mixture into a log , approximately inches long . Roll log in pecans and parsley to coat . Refrigerate until serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat . Stir water , butter , and salt together in a pot ; bring to a simmer . Reduce heat to medium and whisk flour into butter mixture until a paste-like dough forms , to minutes . Transfer dough to a bowl to cool until warm , to minutes . Whisk egg , thyme , and black pepper into cooled dough until egg is completely incorporated . Add remaining egg and whisk until completely incorporated into dough . Stir / the cheese into dough until combined . Scoop inch balls of dough onto prepared baking sheet . Top each with remaining cheese . Bake in the preheated oven until golden and puffed , to minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line baking sheet with foil brushed with vegetable oil or a silicone baking mat . Heat teaspoon vegetable oil in a large saucepan . Add popcorn ; cover and cook , shaking often , until fully popped , about minutes . Transfer popcorn to a large bowl using a strainer or your hands , leaving unpopped kernels in the pan . Stir chopped peanuts into popcorn . Combine brown sugar , / cup vegetable oil , and corn syrup in a large saucepan over medium heat . Add lime juice and fish sauce . Bring to a boil and cook , stirring occasionally , until thick , about minutes . Remove from heat and quickly stir in sambal oelek , lime zest , and baking soda . Pour brown sugar mixture over popcorn , stirring to coat . Spread popcorn out on the prepared baking sheet . Bake in the preheated oven , tossing every to minutes , until browned and sticky , about minutes . Allow to cool and become crispy . Toss with cilantro before serving . 
Crush garlic in a mortar and pestle with a generous pinch of salt . Mix in oil a teaspoon at a time until the mixture will absorb no more oil . Stir in the lemon juice . serve at room temperature with Lebanese breads , hummus or Tabbouleh . 
In a food processor , combine the butter , feta cheese , cream cheese , garlic , shallot , vermouth , and white pepper . Process until smooth . Oil a medium bowl , or gelatin mold , and line with plastic wrap for easy removal . Layer the dip into the mold as follows : Sun-dried tomatoes , pine nuts , pesto , cheese mixture . Repeat . Pat down into the mold , and refrigerate for at least one hour . Turn the dip out onto a serving plate , and remove plastic wrap . Serve with crackers . 
In a quart microwave safe pan , melt the butter and stir in nuts . Add the Worcestershire sauce , soy sauce , salt , cinnamon , allspice , cloves and garlic powder . Mix well and microwave on high for to minutes , stirring every minutes . Serve warm or at room temperature ; store in a tightly sealed container . 
In a large bowl , mix the pork , salt , soy sauce , water chestnuts , bamboo shoots , green onions , bean sprouts , egg , bok choy and sherry . Place teaspoon of the pork mixture in the center of each wonton wrapper . Fold the wrappers to the center forming a triangle . Gently press together the edges with moistened fingers . Fold in half again lengthwise , then fold back and bring together the corners . Press two corners together . In a heavy skillet or wok , heat oil over high heat . Deep fry each wonton minutes . Remove and drain on paper towels . 
In a medium bowl , mix together the cream cheese and ketchup , adding ketchup as needed to make the mixture a light pink color . Stir in olives . Cover , and chill for at least one hour before serving . 
Mix syrup and peanut butter in a saucepan over low heat until smooth , to minutes . Remove saucepan from heat . Stir about half the chocolate chips into the syrup mixture . Mix remaining chocolate chips , almonds , cashews , oatmeal , crispy rice cereal , and flax seed meal in a bowl . Pour the mixture from the saucepan over the mixture in the bowl ; stir to evenly coat . Transfer mixture to a x-inch baking dish and press into an even layer ; allow to cool completely before cutting into bars . 
Pour beer into a bowl and whisk until beer loses its carbonation , about seconds . Set aside . Place shredded cheese into the work bowl of a food processor ; add garlic , dry mustard powder , black pepper , / teaspoon cayenne pepper , salt , hot sauce , Worcestershire sauce , and flat beer . Process until smooth and creamy , pulsing a few times , scraping the sides , and blending for about total minutes . Taste and adjust seasoning . If adding more seasoning , pulse a few times to mix . Transfer cheese spread to a bowl and sprinkle with a pinch of cayenne pepper . Spread tastes best when refrigerated overnight to blend flavors , but it can be served right away if needed . 
Combine the cream cheese , butter , corn , and tomatoes with green chile peppers in a slow cooker . Set the slow cooker to Low . Cook until the cream cheese and butter melt completely , about hour . 
Preheat oven to broil . Slice bread into / inch slices . In a medium-size mixing bowl , combine Romano cheese , garlic , and cream cheese . Spread the cheese mixture onto the sliced French bread . Broil for about minutes , or until the cheese melts . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place about teaspoons of Parmesan cheese onto a silicone sheet or baking sheet lined with parchment paper , and gently spread the cheese out into a circle about inches in diameter . Spread more circles of cheese onto the baking sheet , keeping them at least inch apart . Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown , to minutes . Watch carefully to avoid burning . Remove from the oven , and let cool on the sheets until warm ; while still warm , drape the wafers over a small bowl or other container . Let cool . Store at room temperature in an airtight container . 
Whisk together the oil , lime juice , garlic , salt , and pepper in a mixing bowl . Toss the shrimp in the marinade , then refrigerate for minutes to hour . Preheat an indoor electric grill for medium-high heat . Remove the shrimp from the marinade , and shake off excess . Wrap each shrimp with a strip of chili pepper , then half a bacon slice . Secure with a toothpick . Repeat with remaining shrimp . Cook on preheated grill until the bacon is crisp , and the shrimp is hot , to minutes . Sprinkle the shrimp with diced avocado , and garnish with lime wedges to serve . 
Mix Cheddar cheese and flour together in a bowl . Stir in butter , cover , and refrigerate hour , or more . Heat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Form chilled dough into small balls , pressing a deep hole in the center using your thumb . Stuff each ball with an olive , and seal completely . Bake in the preheated oven to minutes until golden brown , watching carefully and turning as needed to prevent bottoms from burning . 
Julienne the water chestnuts . In a medium bowl , mix the water chestnuts , vegetable soup mix , sour cream , mayonnaise , hot sauce and green onion . Refrigerate at least hours before serving . 
In a small mixing bowl combine the sour cream and taco mix ; mix well . Spread bean dip into the bottom of a x inch clear glass dish . Layer avocado on top of the bean dip . Sprinkle the lemon juice and garlic salt over the mixture . Spread the sour cream mixture over the avocados . Layer the olives over the sour cream , the tomatoes over the olives ; spread the cheese dip and onions over the entire mixture . Serve with tortilla chips for dipping . 
Pour the hot water over the raisins and cinnamon . Let stand for minutes , then drain , and set aside . Place the applesauce , peanut butter , vanilla extract , maple syrup , canola oil , and ground flax seed in the bowl of a food processor ; process until smooth . With the motor running , slowly add the garbanzo beans , drained raisins , instant oatmeal , and coconut . Process until the mixture is smooth or to your desired consistency . 
Combine lemon juice , extra-virgin olive oil , salt , black pepper , Italian seasoning , and garlic in a sealable plastic container . Seal the container and shake to emulsify the mixture . Remove the lid and add artichoke hearts . Reseal the lid and continue shaking the container until the artichoke hearts are completely coated . 
Mix the mayonnaise and garlic together in a small bowl . Add the lemon juice and basil ; whisk until thoroughly combined . Beat the Worcestershire sauce into the mixture . Serve immediately , or chill until serving . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Roll the dough into an inch square on a well-floured surface . Arrange half of the pepperoni over top , and sprinkle evenly with half of the mozzarella cheese . Arrange the remaining pepperoni over the cheese , and sprinkle with remaining cheese . Fold the left third of the dough over the middle third , then fold the right third on top of that . Fold the top and bottom ends over the bread so the edges meet in the center . Drizzle the bread with olive oil , and place seam-side-down onto a nonstick baking sheet . Bake in the preheated oven until the bread is golden brown and crusty , to minutes . Cool before slicing . 
Place the zucchini in a colander , and sprinkle with salt . Place the colander over a bowl , and refrigerate for one hour to release the liquid from the zucchini . In a medium bowl , mix together the cream cheese and sour cream . Stir in the artichoke hearts , drained zucchini , and black olives . Season with hot sauce , salt , pepper , and pico de gallo seasoning . Serve with crackers , raw vegetables , or corn chips . 
In a medium bowl , mix cream cheese and milk until well blended . Mix in the zucchini , chives and salt . Chill in the refrigerator approximately hour before serving . 
In a large bowl , mix together cream cheese , sour cream , crab meat , lemon juice and garlic salt . Cover and chill in the refrigerator for at least hours before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Chop the shrimp into small pieces . In an x inch baking dish , combine shrimp , yellow onion , bell pepper , garlic , mayonnaise , vegetable oil , Old Bay ( TM ) seasoning , black pepper , salt , and / cup of cheese . Mix well , use reserved / cup cheese to cover the top in an even layer . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for to minutes . 
In a medium bowl , stir together the butter , cilantro , garlic , shallot , tablespoons of lime juice , and sriracha sauce . Spoon onto waxed paper and roll into a log . Place into the freezer until set . Preheat a grill for high heat . Place whole oysters on the hot grill for to minutes , or until almost done . Remove the top shell from the oysters , without spilling any liqueur , and return them to the grill . Slice the butter log into / inch slices , and place a slice on top of each oyster . Grill until the butter melts , then serve on a bed of rock salt for presentation . 
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat . Lightly oil the grate . In a large skillet over medium heat , cook the sausage until browned . Drain excess grease , and set aside . Meanwhile , slice the peppers in half lengthwise , and remove and discard the seeds and membrane . Fill one half of each pepper with cream cheese , and the other half with sausage . Put the pepper halves back together , and wrap with a slice of bacon to hold . Secure bacon with a toothpick . Grill peppers for about minutes , turning to ensure even cooking until bacon is crisp , and pepper is toasted . Let them cool down a bit , then eat em . 
Combine cream cheese , sour cream , and mayonnaise in a blender ; puree until smooth . Sprinkle in the ranch dressing mix , green onions , and optional jalapeno ; puree until well combined . For best results , refrigerate overnight before serving . 
Cream together the cream cheese and sugar until well combined . Stir in the vanilla extract and then the whipped topping . Chill in refrigerator hour . 
In a small bowl mix butter and honey until smooth . Store , covered , in the refrigerator . 
In a large bowl with enough lightly salted water to cover , place the cauliflower , pearl onions , red bell peppers , green bell peppers , celery and cucumbers . Soak to hours , or overnight . In a small bowl with enough lightly salted water to cover , place the carrots . Soak to hours , or overnight . In a large saucepan , place the vegetable oil , vinegar , tomato paste and pickling spice . Bring the mixture to a boil . Drain and rinse the carrots , and place them in the mixture . Boil minutes . Drain and rinse the vegetables in the cauliflower mixture . Place them into the saucepan . Cook minutes , or until the cauliflower is tender but crisp . Stir black olives , green olives , mushrooms and tuna into the mixture . Remove the mixture from heat . Discard the wrapped pickling spice . While still hot , transfer to sterile containers and refrigerate . 
In a medium-sized mixing bowl , combine sour cream , cream cheese , mayonnaise , Worcestershire sauce , parsley , onion salt , celery salt and garlic salt . Mix well . Fold in drained shrimp meat . Cover and chill at least hours , to allow flavors to blend . 
Place eggs in a large pot of cool water . Bring water to a boil . Let water boil for to minutes . Plunge the eggs in cold water . When eggs are cool enough , remove their shells and cut them in half lengthwise to remove the yolk . Place the yolks in a medium-size mixing bowl and mash them well . Mix mustard , Worcestershire sauce , hot sauce , celery salt , and softened butter into the mixing bowl with the yolks . Blend mixture until smooth . Scoop mixture into the hollowed portion of the eggs . Refrigerate one hour and serve . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a large baking sheet . In a medium bowl , mix together Italian sausage , baking mix , green bell pepper , yellow onion , mozzarella cheese and pizza sauce . Gradually stir in water until the mixture is a workable consistency . Roll into inch balls . Arrange pizza balls on the baking sheet . Bake in the preheated oven minutes , or until lightly browned . Serve hot . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Drizzle about / teaspoons olive oil into the bottom of each ounce ramekin and sprinkle about tablespoon basil per ramekin over the oil . Place goat cheese piece over the basil in each ramekin ; surround with sliced cherry tomatoes . Top with cracked black pepper and cayenne . Spread / teaspoon of the remaining basil on top of each portion , place ramekins on a baking sheet , and drizzle each serving with / teaspoons more olive oil . Bake in the preheated oven until bubbling , about minutes . Serve warm . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer . Bring water to a boil . Add chicken wings , put lid on steamer , and steam wings until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear , about minutes . An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spread chicken wings onto a platter to cool ; pat dry with paper towel . Spread wings onto a rimmed baking sheet ; season with salt and pepper . Bake wings in preheated oven for minutes , flip , and continue to bake until crispy , about minutes more . Melt butter in a saucepan over low heat . Stir hot sauce , brown sugar , onion powder , garlic powder , and cayenne pepper into the melted butter ; cook , stirring occasionally , until the seasonings dissolve into the liquid and the mixture is hot , about minutes . Put wings in a large bowl ; pour sauce over wings and toss to coat . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spray a large heavy roasting pan with cooking spray . Mix black pepper , white pepper , cayenne pepper , paprika , and dried thyme in a small bowl . Set aside . Whisk egg whites in a large bowl until foamy . Add Worcestershire , hot sauce , and liquid smoke flavoring and whisk to mix . Drop in pecans and stir to coat well . Pour coated pecans into a colander to drain off extra egg white mixture ; return to bowl and add the pepper mixture . Stir well to coat each pecan with spices . Spread pecans in prepared roasting pan . Roast in preheated oven for minutes and stir pecans ; roast an additional minutes and stir again . Turn off heat and roast pecans an additional to minutes until pecans are lightly browned and fragrant . Let cool and serve at room temperature . 
In a medium bowl , mix ground beef , onion and seasoned bread crumbs . Form the mixture into bite-sized balls . In a large skillet over medium high heat , cook the balls until evenly brown throughout . In a large bowl , mix water , soy sauce , garlic and whiskey . Place the balls into the mixture . Cover and chill in the refrigerator at least hour . Transfer the balls and sauce mixture to a slow cooker set to low heat . Cook at least minutes before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spray a large roasting pan with non-stick cooking spray . In a medium-size microwave safe bowl , mix butter , white corn syrup and brown sugar . Place the mixture in the microwave and cook minutes , or until butter melts . Place the cereal , pecans and almonds into the prepared roasting pan . Pour the melted butter mixture over the cereal and nuts and mix gently until the cereal and nuts are coated . Bake for hour , stirring every minutes . As the snack mix is cooling , be sure to continue to stir so that the mix will not harden in one big lump . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a large bowl , toss together / cup breadcrumbs , crab , shrimp , green onions , celery , mayonnaise , Worcestershire sauce and parsley . Mix well , and spoon mixture into clean , dry seafood shells or ramekins . Place stuffed shells on a foil-lined cookie sheet , and sprinkle with remaining / cup bread crumbs . Bake in the preheated oven for minutes . 
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil . Place pasta in boiling water and cook for to minutes or until al dente . Drain , and cut into inch pieces . In a mixing bowl , combine crab , noodles , eggs , green onion , bread crumbs , cilantro , olive oil and salt and pepper . Mix thoroughly . On wax paper , divide mixture into equal piles ; form each pile into a patty . Make sure noodles are incorporated and are not sticking out . In a medium skillet , heat vegetable oil and cook patties over medium heat for minutes on each side until golden . Drain on paper towels . Serve with cilantro-lime mayonnaise . For the cilantro-lime mayonnaise , mix mayonnaise , tablespoon cilantro , lime zest and lime juice in a small mixing bowl . Mix thoroughly . Chill until ready to serve . 
In a medium saucepan over medium heat , mix refried beans , taco seasoning mix and tomato . Allow the mixture to simmer approximately minutes , stirring occasionally . Spoon the mixture into a medium serving bowl . Top with Cheddar cheese and serve warm . 
Place the eggs in a saucepan in a single layer with enough water to cover by inch . Cover the saucepan and bring the water to a boil over high heat . Once the water is boiling , remove from the heat and let the eggs stand in the hot water for minutes . Pour out the hot water , then cool the eggs under cold running water . Peel once cold . Dry the eggs thoroughly with paper towels , and slice them in half lengthwise . Remove the yolks , and place in a bowl . Mash the yolks with a fork , and stir in the sugar , salt , onion powder , garlic powder , and white pepper . Add the mustard , mayonnaise , salad dressing , and vinegar , one at a time , stirring to incorporate each ingredient before adding the next . Mound a heaping teaspoonful of the yolk mixture into the cavity of each egg half , and sprinkle with paprika . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spray a x-inch baking dish with non-stick cooking spray . Place the cauliflower in a large mixing bowl . Toss with the olive oil and garlic powder until thoroughly distributed . Transfer the cauliflower mixture to prepared baking dish . Bake in preheated oven minutes . Top with shredded cheese and bake until the cheese has melted , about more minutes . Top cheesy florets with sriracha sauce to taste and garnish with green onions . Serve with a cold glass of milk . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a non insulated cookie sheet with parchment paper . With a knife or kitchen shears carefully remove the leaves from the thick stems and tear into bite size pieces . Wash and thoroughly dry kale with a salad spinner . Drizzle kale with olive oil and sprinkle with seasoning salt . Bake until the edges brown but are not burnt , to minutes . 
Stir pork shoulder , livers , onion , celery , poblano pepper , jalapeno pepper , garlic , kosher salt , / tablespoons ground black pepper , chili powder , and teaspoon cayenne pepper together in a large pot . Cover the pot with a lid and refrigerate until flavors combine , hours to overnight . Pour enough water into the pork mixture to cover by inches ; bring to a boil , reduce heat to low , and simmer until meat is tender , about / hours . Remove from heat . Pour mixture through a strainer , reserving strained liquid and meat separately . Transfer drained meat mixture to a cutting board and finely chop . Stir chopped meat , rice , parsley , and green onion together in a bowl . Gradually add reserved cooking liquid , ladleful at a time , to meat mixture , stirring until completely incorporated between each addition , until mixture has a paste-like consistency . Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate until chilled , at least hours to overnight . Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Roll chilled meat mixture into inch balls . Whisk flour , pinch cayenne pepper , salt , and black pepper together in a shallow bowl . Pour breadcrumbs into another shallow bowl . Beat eggs in another shallow bowl . Gently press ball into flour mixture to coat ; shake off the excess flour . Dip ball into the beaten egg ; press ball into bread crumbs . Place breaded ball onto a plate and repeat breading process with remaining meat balls . Working in batches , cook boudin balls in preheated oil , turning once , until crispy on the outside and hot on the inside , to minutes . 
Combine tomatoes , red onion , yellow onion , green chilies , lime juice , cilantro , garlic , cumin , and salt in a food processor . Pulse processor until mixture is combined , yet remains chunky . Transfer to a bowl , cover with plastic wrap , and refrigerate at least hour . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a medium bowl , mix corned beef , Swiss cheese , sauerkraut and thousand island salad dressing . Transfer the mixture to a inch pie dish and bake in the preheated oven to minutes , until hot and bubbly . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease two baking sheets . Unroll the crescent roll dough and separate into triangles . Roll or press the triangles out on a clean surface , making them larger than their original size by half . Lay the triangles out on the prepared baking sheets ; set aside . Finely chop the crabmeat and place in a large mixing bowl . Add the cream cheese and cocktail sauce and mix until all of the ingredients are well-combined . Place a tablespoon of the crab mixture on the large side of each crescent triangle . Pull the two bottom edges of the triangle together and pinch the seam closed over the crab mixture . Pull forward the remaining tip of the triangle to cover the remaining crab mixture and pinch the seams to close . Bake in the preheated oven until the crab puffs are golden brown , to minutes . Cool to minutes before serving . 
In a large bowl , mix together cream cheese and salad dressing mix . Shape into large ball and roll in chopped nuts . Refrigerate cheese ball for several hours or overnight . 
Spread refried beans evenly on a medium sized serving platter . If the beans are watery , chill for to minutes . Peel the avocados and remove the pits . In a food processor , blend the avocados with the mayonnaise , sour cream and taco seasoning until smooth . Pour over the refried beans . Top with cheddar cheese . Add lettuce , tomatoes , green onions , green pepper and black olives if desired . Refrigerate until serving . Serve with your favorite tortilla chips . 
Place the sweet potatoes in a pan , and fill with enough water to cover . Bring to a boil , and cook until potatoes are easily pierced with fork , about minutes . Drain , place the potatoes in a mixing bowl , and mash . Meanwhile , heat tablespoon canola oil in a skillet over medium-high heat . Stir in the jalapeno pepper , green onions , and garlic . Cook and stir until the vegetables are soft , about minutes . Stir the vegetables , brown sugar , and allspice into the mashed sweet potatoes . Season to taste with salt and pepper . Form the sweet potato mixture into slightly flattened cakes about to / inches in diameter using your hands or large spoons . Place on a plate . Heat / cup canola oil in a skillet over medium-high heat . Place the sweet potato cakes in the skillet , four at a time , and cook , turning once , until golden brown on each side , to minutes . Add more oil if needed . 
Spread bottom bagel half with tomato sauce ; add cheese , onion , bell pepper and pepperoni . Place other half of bagel on top . Preheat toaster oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place bagel in preheated toaster oven and toast about minutes , or until bagel is golden brown . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Turn two muffin tins upside down , and cover the outside of cups with aluminum foil . Set aside . Weave the bacon into a mat that is strips across and strips wide . Cut into even squares . Place each square over one of the foil covered muffin cups . Bake the bacon in the preheated oven until crisp , about minutes . Remove the bacon cups from the pan and allow to cool completely . Once cooled , fill each with some lettuce and tomato halves . Top with shredded Cheddar cheese . Serve at room temperature . 
Stir the mango , red bell pepper , jalapeno pepper , green onion , lime zest , lime juice , vinegar , olive oil , salt and pepper together in a bowl . Refrigerate at least minutes before serving . 
Place eggs in a saucepan and cover with water . Bring to a boil ; remove saucepan from heat and let eggs cook in hot water off the heat for minutes . Pour off hot water and place eggs in a bowl full of ice water to cool . Peel and halve eggs . Chop about half the egg whites and place into a bowl . Put remaining egg whites and yolks in a food processor with mayonnaise , Dijon mustard , white wine vinegar , and hot sauce ; process till smooth and transfer to a bowl . Fold chopped egg whites into the mixture to serve . 
Place eggs in a saucepan and cover with water . Bring to a boil , remove from heat , and let eggs stand in hot water for minutes . Drain hot water and fill saucepan with cold water ; allow eggs to sit until cooled , to minutes . Drain water . Gently tap or roll eggs on the counter so the shell is cracked but still intact . Return eggs to saucepan and pour in enough water to cover eggs ; add soy sauce , molasses , salt , and tea bags . Bring to a boil , reduce heat , and simmer until eggs have absorbed color , about minutes . Remove saucepan from heat and leave eggs in water to cool to room temperature . Peel eggs and trim bottom of each egg so it will stand upright . Cut each egg lengthwise and scoop yolks into a bowl . Mix mayonnaise , red bell pepper , salt , and pepper into egg yolks until evenly combined . Spoon yolk mixture back into egg whites ; smooth filling to be level with egg white . Put each egg back together . Pour salsa onto a plate and assemble eggs upright into the salsa . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Mix crabmeat , Italian-style bread crumbs , panko , Parmesan cheese , mozzarella cheese , egg , milk , and butter in a bowl until thick yet pliable enough to shape . Divide and roll into inch balls . Gently press the balls into the mushroom caps and press to spread into a rounded mound atop the mushroom . Bake in preheated oven until heated through and golden on top , about minutes . 
Place the cream cheese , sour cream , milk , horseradish , onion , and dill in a bowl , and stir until well blended . Gently fold in the beef and black olives . Cover and refrigerate hours , or overnight to blend flavors before serving . 
Remove skin and bones from fish . In a medium bowl , mix fish with onion and hot pepper sauce with a fork , breaking fish into small pieces . Mix in mayonnaise . Season to taste with salt and pepper . Cover , and refrigerate for hours . 
Layer shredded lettuce on a inch serving platter . In a medium bowl , stir together black beans , red chile peppers and green onions . Spoon the mixture on top of the lettuce . Gently spread sour cream over beans . Sprinkle with jalapeno peppers and lime zest . Drain excess liquid from salsa . Place salsa in a medium bowl . Stir in avocado . Spoon the mixture over sour cream layer . Sprinkle with Monterey Jack cheese . Top with black olives and cilantro . Serve immediately , or chill in the refrigerator . 
Spread spinach dip evenly over the pizza crust to within / inch of the edge . Top with broccoli , chicken , green onions and tomato . Cut into wedges to serve . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Arrange phyllo cups on an ungreased baking sheet . In a large skillet over medium heat , melt butter and combine sausage meat and garlic . Cook until sausage is browned , about to minutes ; drain grease , and add mushrooms . Stirring occasionally , cook minutes more or until all liquid evaporates ; remove from heat and let cool . Fill each phyllo cup with tablespoon of the sausage mixture , and top with a pinch of cheese . Bake in a preheated oven to minutes , or until the cheese melts and the pastry is golden brown . Serve immediately . 
In a medium bowl , mix sour cream , mayonnaise , dry Italian-style salad dressing mix and dried beef . Cover and chill in the refrigerator hours , or overnight , before serving . 
In a medium bowl , or food processor , mix together the cream cheese , seasoning salt , and tablespoons of juice from the olive jar until well blended . Set aside in the refrigerator to firm up , about minutes . When the cheese mixture is firm , pack enough of the cream cheese mixture around the outside of each olive so that it is completely covered . Roll each olive ball in chopped pecans , and return them to the refrigerator until firm . To serve , cut each olive ball in half , and arrange on a serving tray cut side up . 
In a blender or food processor , mix the garbanzo beans , jalapeno peppers and reserved juice , tahini , garlic , and lemon juice . Season with cumin , curry powder , and crushed red pepper . Blend until smooth . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Slice the baguette into rounds . Brush bread rounds lightly with olive oil . Place bread rounds on a baking sheet . Toast the bread rounds in the preheated oven just until crisp , to minutes . Meanwhile , slice Brie cheese into equal pieces . Remove toasted bread from oven ; top each round with a slice of Brie cheese . Return the crostini to the oven to melt the cheese , about minutes . Preheat the ovens broiler and set the oven rack about inches from the heat source . In an ovenproof casserole , stir together the oysters , butter , any remaining olive oil , salt , and pepper . Broil in the preheated oven until the oysters begin to curl at the edges , about minutes . Remove the oysters ; place one oyster on top of each crostini . Top the crostini with red pepper strips ; serve warm . 
Place wings in a large glass bowl . Sprinkle / tablespoons garlic powder , tablespoon onion powder , tablespoon paprika , tablespoon chili powder , tablespoon cumin , sazon seasoning , and teaspoon cayenne pepper over chicken wings and rub spices into wings to coat completely . Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate , hour to overnight . Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and spray with cooking spray . Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat ; whisk hot sauce and syrup into butter . Add brown sugar , / tablespoons garlic powder , tablespoon cumin , tablespoon onion powder , tablespoon paprika , tablespoon chili powder , and / teaspoon cayenne pepper ; whisk until well-combined and the sauce is hot , to minutes . Remove from heat . Pour flour into a shallow bowl . Gently press the chicken wings into the flour to coat and shake off any excess . Working in batches , cook wings in hot oil until the skin is golden and crispy , the meat is no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear , to minutes . An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read degrees F ( degrees C ) . Transfer wings to a plate lined with a paper towel to drain excess oil . Dip each chicken wing in the hot sauce mixture and place on the prepared baking sheet . Bake in the preheated oven until sauce starts to caramelize , about minutes . 
Beat the cream cheese and Cheddar cheese together with an electric mixer in a large bowl until light and fluffy . Beat in the salad dressing , garlic salt , sugar , and pickle juice , scraping down the sides of the mixing bowl . Stir in the pickle relish and pimentos . Refrigerate for at least one hour before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Gently blend beef , breadcrumbs , egg , milk , onion , garlic , salt and pepper until evenly combined . Form into about bite-sized meatballs . Place meatballs on a foil-lined , rimmed baking sheet ; bake for minutes or until cooked all the way through . Combine chili sauce and jelly in a saucepan set over medium heat . Cook , stirring , until jelly dissolves , about minutes . Add cooked meatballs to the sauce ; reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for minutes . Makes servings . 
In a blender or food processor , blend the cottage cheese , beans , basil , tomatoes , garlic , salt , and pepper until smooth . 
In a medium bowl , mix small curd cottage cheese , sour cream , blue cheese , green onions and dill weed . Cover and chill in the refrigerator hours , or overnight , before serving . 
Heat oven to degrees F . Combine cheeses and jalapenos in bowl ; mix well . Place cranberries and sugar in another bowl ; toss to coat . Gently stir cranberries into cheese mixture . Spread mixture into quart casserole dish . Bake minutes or until bubbly around edges . Serve with baguette slices , if desired . 
RInse oysters and soak in fresh water . Heat deep-fryer to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Combine cornmeal , garlic powder , Cajun seasoning , black pepper and seasoned salt in a large plastic bag . Place oysters in bag and shake until well coated . Cook oysters or at a time in hot oil . Oysters will float and be golden brown when done . Drain briefly and serve warm . 
In a mixing bowl , combine sour cream , mayonnaise , celery salt , onion flakes , garlic salt , dill weed , monosodium glutamate and parsley flakes . Serve immediately , or chill overnight to enjoy the full flavor of the herbs . 
Preheat oven to degrees . In a small skillet , saute garlic in oil until soft ; add spinach , cream cheese and half and half . Saute , stirring , until blended , about minutes . Stir in salt , pepper and nutmeg . Spread spinach mixture over bottom of inch pie plate or oven-proof dish . Top with oysters ; sprinkle on cheese and hot sauce . Bake for minutes . If needed , briefly broil to brown . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Prick the eggplant several times with a fork , and remove the leaves . Place on a baking sheet . Bake for minutes in the oven , turning over once , until tender . Remove from the oven , and slit open to cool . While the eggplant are still warm , remove the stem end and peel . Cut into chunks , and place them in the container of a blender or food processor . Process until smooth . In a small dish , combine the garlic , ginger , green onions , and red pepper flakes . In a separate dish , stir together the soy sauce , brown sugar , rice vinegar , and hot water . Heat a wok over high heat until hot enough to evaporate a drop of water . Pour in the peanut oil , and swirl to coat the wok . When the oil is hot , dump in the garlic mixture , and stir-fry for about seconds . Pour in the soy sauce mixture , and bring to a simmer . Stir in the eggplant puree , cooking just until heated through . Remove to a serving dish , and stir in the sesame oil . Allow to cool , and serve at room temperature as a spread for the bread . 
Preheat grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate . Slice stems from jalapeno peppers , cut a long slit into the sides , and remove seeds from peppers . Sprinkle chicken tenderloin pieces with seasoned salt and garlic powder . Place a piece of chicken into the hollow of each pepper ; top with an onion wedge . Wrap pepper completely in bacon and secure with toothpicks . Repeat with remaining peppers , chicken , onion , and bacon . Grill bacon-wrapped peppers on the preheated grill until chicken tenderloin is no longer pink , the juices run clear , the pepper is tender , and the bacon is crisp , about minutes . Flip peppers occasionally during cooking . An instant-read meat thermometer inserted into the chicken in a pepper should read at least degrees F ( degrees C ) . 
Combine popcorn and / cup olive oil in a quart saucepan ; cover . Cook over high heat , continuously shaking the pan , until the popcorn is popped and the lid begins to lift from the popcorn , about minutes . Pour popcorn into a large bowl . Mix tablespoons olive oil , Italian seasoning , and garlic salt into popcorn ; toss to coat . Add Parmesan cheese and mix well . 
Bring water and quinoa to a boil in a saucepan . Reduce heat to medium-low , cover , and simmer until quinoa is tender and water has been absorbed , to minutes . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spray a baking sheet with olive oil cooking spray . Stir quinoa , spinach , bread crumbs , eggs , and Colby cheese together in a bowl . Drop spoonfuls of the quinoa mixture onto the prepared baking sheets and press to desired thickness . Bake in the preheated oven until the bottoms of the patties are golden , about minutes . Flip patties and bake until golden , about minutes more . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Mix cream cheese , sour cream , canned jalapeno peppers with juice , green chiles , diced jalapeno pepper , cilantro , and ranch dressing mix together in a bowl until smooth . Add about half the Cheddar cheese and half the Parmesan cheese ; stir . Spread the cheese mixture into a baking dish . Arrange jalapeno slices atop the cheese mixture ; top with remaining Cheddar and Parmesan cheeses . Cover baking dish with aluminum foil . Bake in preheated oven until top is warm and bubbling , about minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a baking sheet or pizza pan with olive oil . Slice the eggplant into round slices , each / to / inch thick . Trim the skin , maintaining the round shape of the slices . In a small bowl , whip together the egg and water . Place the breadcrumbs in a separate small bowl . Dip the eggplant slices one at a time into the egg and water mixture , then into the breadcrumbs . One by one , place the coated slices in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet or pizza pan . Top the slices with equal amounts of tomato , Parmesan cheese and Italian-style salad dressing . Bake in the preheated oven approximately minutes . Change oven setting to broil , and continue cooking to minutes . Check the slices frequently while broiling to avoid burning . 
Stir the sour cream , ketchup , Worcestershire sauce , and white onion together in a bowl until smooth . Refrigerate hours before serving . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a inch square baking dish . Grind the almonds , sesame seeds , sunflower seeds , and oats in a food processor until they resemble a coarse meal . Stir the ground mixture in a bowl with the cranberries , blueberries , maple syrup , and cinnamon until evenly combined . Moisten your hands with water and press the mixture into the prepared pan . Bake in the preheated oven until toasted , about hour until toasted . Cool completely in the baking dish . Cut into bars . Store in an airtight container at room temperature up to week . 
Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat . Place cornmeal in a bowl ; dip and coat each tomato slice until thoroughly coated . Place coated tomato slices side by side in the hot oil ; fry until coating is browned and crusty , to minutes per side . Remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain . Season with salt and black pepper . Repeat with remaining tomato slices . 
Warm tortillas in microwave to soften ; keep covered with a damp towel . Spread one side of each tortilla with tablespoons Russian-style salad dressing . Arrange equal amounts of the cole slaw in the center of each tortilla . Sprinkle equal amounts corned beef over the cole slaw . Top with equal amounts of Swiss cheese . Tightly roll tortillas around the fillings . Chill in the refrigerator until serving . 
Adjust oven rack to upper-middle position and heat oven to degrees . Place pita triangles directly on rack . Bake until golden brown and completely crisp , about minutes . 
Grill the pineapple rings over medium heat for to minutes each , or until they have grill marks . Remove from heat and cut each ring into approximately wedges . In a medium saucepan over medium heat , melt the butter . Stir in the flour and cook to minutes , stirring continuously . Pour in the coconut milk and milk . Continue stirring until thickened . Mix in curry powder , salt and pepper . Remove from heat and place shrimp into the mixture . Arrange the pineapple wedges on a medium serving platter . Skewer each piece of shrimp with a toothpick , then insert the toothpicks into the pineapple wedges . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Combine drained chickpeas , olive oil , teaspoons salt , hot sauce , paprika , garlic powder , chili powder , black pepper , and cumin in a large bowl . Spread evenly over baking sheets . Bake in the center of the preheated oven , stirring every to minutes , until chickpeas are golden and look dry on the outside , about minutes . Remove from oven and sprinkle with remaining teaspoon salt . Let cool before serving , to minutes . 
In a large bowl combine broccoli , garlic , onion and eggs ; mix well . Stir in Parmesan and cornmeal ; mix well . Form into patties . If mixture is too dry , add another egg ; if too wet , add more cornmeal . Season with pepper to taste . Heat inch of oil in a large , deep skillet . Place patties in hot oil ; cook , turning once , until well browned on each side . 
Stir together eggs , soy sauce , sugar , sea salt , green onions , and garlic in a large bowl . Sift together the flour , cornstarch , and mochiko ; fold into the egg mixture until smooth . Add chicken and mix until well coated . Cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight . Remove the chicken from the refrigerator , and mix again to redistribute . Heat a large pot of oil to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Deep fry chicken wings until golden brown and cooked through ; drain on paper towels . 
Mix together the sour cream , salsa , and the soup mix in a small bowl . Cover and chill in refrigerator at least minutes . 
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat . Lightly oil the grill grate . Grill the chicken to minutes on each side , or until juices run clear . ( You can deep fry or bake the chicken instead if you want to , but it is best when grilled . ) Remove chicken to a large roasting pan . In a saucepan over medium heat , mix the hot sauce , butter , honey , garlic salt , black pepper , and cayenne pepper . Simmer about minutes , until blended and heated through . Pour the sauce over the grilled chicken wings and stir to coat . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place habanero pepper , mango , and onion on a baking sheet . Drizzle with olive oil ; toss to coat evenly . Roast on the middle rack of the preheated oven for minutes . Turn on the ovens broiler and roast for more minutes . Move baking pan to the ovens top shelf ; broil until onion and mango begin to brown and habanero pepper blisters , about more minutes . Remove and slightly cool . Wearing gloves , remove stem from habanero pepper and place pepper in a small food processor or blender ; add mango , onion , garlic , cilantro , lime juice , and salt . Season with black pepper and cumin . Pulse until salsa is combined and slightly chunky . Refrigerate for hours before serving for flavors to blend . 
Line a colander with two layers of cheesecloth and place over a medium bowl . Place the yogurt on the cheesecloth and cover the colander with plastic wrap . Allow yogurt to drain hours or overnight . Scoop the drained yogurt into a mixing bowl . Mash the garlic cloves with the salt into a fine paste ; mix into the yogurt . Stir the dill , parsley , and cream cheese into the yogurt and garlic mixture . Spread onto a dish and garnish with the mint leaves to serve . 
Stir the watermelon , cilantro , onion , jalapeno peppers , garlic , vinegar , and salt together in a bowl until evenly mixed . Cover , and refrigerate overnight for best flavor . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Beat cream cheese in a deep baking dish until smooth . Add ranch dressing , Buffalo wing sauce , and mozzarella cheese to cream cheese and stir until smooth . Stir in chicken . Bake in the preheated oven until heated through and bubbling , about minutes . 
Heat oil in a deep pan . Combine the flour , egg , cornstarch , club soda , ice water and salt in a bowl . Mix well . Dip the avocado pieces in the batter , then drop gently into the hot oil . Fry the avocado pieces until they are crispy . Remove and serve with your favorite dipping sauce . 
Blend garbanzo beans , avocado , water , sesame seeds , lime zest , lime juice , olive oil , and rosemary in a blender until smooth . 
Heat vegetable stock in a saucepan over medium heat or a fondue pot until simmering ; add red wine , mushrooms , green onions , and garlic . Simmer until broth is aromatic , about minutes . 
Mix cream cheese , garlic , vermouth , parsley , salt , basil , tarragon , sage , and white pepper in a food processor until smooth . Refrigerate at least day before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a baking sheet . Combine oil , Parmesan cheese , parsley , oregano , garlic powder , and pepper in a small bowl . Cut each biscuit in half ; roll each portion into a inch rope and tie in a loose knot . Place on prepared baking sheet . Bake in preheated oven until golden brown , to minutes . Immediately brush with Parmesan mixture . Serve warm or freeze up to months . 
In a large bowl , mix the cream cheese , deviled ham , Colby cheese , green olives , and prepared mustard . Season with dry mustard , chopped fresh chives , celery salt , cayenne pepper , and garlic salt . Cover and refrigerate until serving . 
Place ground beef in a large , deep skillet . Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown . Stir in the onions and garlic . Cook and stir until onions are tender . Mix in tomato sauce , chili powder , beef bouillon , cumin and white sugar . Cover and reduce heat to simmer . Simmer minutes before serving hot over frankfurters . 
In a medium bowl , mix the cream cheese , sour cream , cumin , garlic salt and hot pepper sauce . Transfer the mixture to a medium serving dish . Top with tomato , onion , lettuce and Cheddar cheese . 
In a mixing bowl combine water , egg , and pepper ; stir with a fork until well beaten . Stir in pancake mix ; continue stirring until combined . If the mixture is dry and crumbly add / cup milk . Mix in the corn , cover and let stand minutes or until firm . Heat oil at medium high in a large skillet . After heating for minutes spoon mixture in tablespoon size lumps into skillet . Do not crowd the skillet . Flip each fritter after the bottom side is golden brown . Drain on paper towels and repeat until the mixture is gone . 
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat . Cook eggplant , onion , garlic , oregano , cinnamon , allspice , salt , and pepper , stirring frequently , until onion is slightly browned , to minutes . Reduce heat to medium and add tomatoes , water , wine , and bay leaf . Simmer , stirring frequently , until eggplant is tender and mixture is thickened , to minutes . Remove from heat and stir in sugar , capers , and vinegar . Let cool minutes , then discard bay leaf . Serve at room temperature or chilled . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a medium bowl , thoroughly mix ground beef chuck , Cheddar cheese , mayonnaise and dry onion soup mix . Spread even amounts of the ground beef onto the bottom half of each roll . Place top halves on , forming little sandwiches . If you purchased the rolls in aluminum foil pans , you may return them to the same pan for baking . Otherwise , place them on a baking sheet or baking pan . Cover the pan tightly with aluminum foil . Bake for to minutes in the preheated oven , or until meat is cooked through . 
In a large bowl , mix together corn kernels , tomatoes , hot yellow banana pepper , garlic , green bell pepper , basil , sage , thyme , lemon juice and olive oil . Cover and chill in the refrigerator at least hour before serving . 
In a mixing bowl , mix together olive oil , parsley , lemon juice , hot sauce , garlic , tomato paste , oregano , salt , and black pepper . Reserve a small amount for basting later . Pour remaining marinade into a large resealable plastic bag with shrimp . Seal , and marinate in the refrigerator for hours . Preheat grill for medium-low heat . Thread shrimp onto skewers , piercing once near the tail and once near the head . Discard marinade . Lightly oil grill grate . Cook shrimp for minutes per side , or until opaque , basting frequently with reserved marinade . 
Mix refried beans with hot bean dip in a bowl ; spread the bean mixture in an even layer over a pizza pan . Mix avocados with salsa in a bowl ; spread mixture over the bean mixture . Place dollops of sour cream over avocado layer and spread into an even layer ; top with shredded Cheddar cheese . Sprinkle black olives , diced tomatoes , and green onions over the dip . Chill at least hour before serving . 
Stir the mango , papaya , onion , garlic , jalapeno pepper , red bell pepper , orange bell pepper , lime juice , salt , and pepper together in a bowl . Enjoy immediately or cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Arrange potato nuggets in a single layer on a baking sheet . Bake in the preheated oven for minutes . Shake baking sheet and continue baking until potato nuggets are extra crispy , to minutes longer . Remove baking sheet from oven and turn on ovens broiler . Top potato nuggets with pepperjack cheese , pulled pork , onion , and jalapeno peppers . Drizzle barbeque sauce over totchos . Broil in the preheated oven until cheese starts to bubble , to minutes . Top totchos with coleslaw and green onions . 
Blend / cup walnuts , dates , cinnamon , and cardamom together in a blender until almost smooth . Roll mixture into little balls . Place finely chopped walnuts in a shallow bowl and roll balls in walnuts to coat . Store balls in refrigerator . 
Heat coconut oil in a skillet over medium heat ; cook and stir garlic until fragrant and lightly browned , seconds to minute . Pour mixture into a ramekin or small bowl and cool . Blend cooled garlic-oil mixture , garbanzo beans , lime juice , peanut butter , coconut milk , chili sauce , lemon grass , basil , ginger , curry paste , jalapeno pepper , salt , cayenne pepper , and chili powder together in a blender until smooth . 
Blend artichoke hearts , Parmesan cheese , mayonnaise , sour cream , and garlic in a blender until smooth ; transfer to a serving bowl . Stir lemon juice , salt , and pepper into the dip . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a baking sheet with cooking spray . Mix flour , water , garlic powder , salt , and pepper together in a bowl using a whisk until batter is smooth and somewhat runny . Add cauliflower to batter and mix until cauliflower is coated ; spread onto the baking sheet . Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned , to minutes . Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat . Remove saucepan from heat and stir hot pepper sauce and honey into butter until smooth . Brush hot sauce mixture over each cauliflower piece , repeating brushing until all the hot sauce mixture is used . Bake in the oven until cauliflower is browned , about minutes . Remove baking sheet from oven and allow the cauliflower to cool to minutes . 
Put tomatillos , onion , and jalapeno in a small saucepan with water to cover . Bring to a boil and cook until tomatillos are softened and pale green , about minutes . Drain , run under cold water to stop cooking , and drain well . Halve jalapeno lengthwise . For a milder dip , scrape out ribs and seeds . Thickly slice jalapeno . Transfer to food processor along with tomatillo mixture and cilantro , and pulse until small chunks remain . Halve avocados lengthwise and discard pits . Scoop out flesh and transfer to a bowl . Using a potato masher or fork , mash avocado along with salt until chunky . Fold in tomatillo mixture and serve . 
Heat a large skillet over medium-low heat . Spread margarine over one side of a tortilla , and place it margarine-side down in the skillet . Spoon a tablespoon of pizza sauce onto half of the tortilla . Sprinkle / cup of shredded cheese over the sauce , and top with a few slices of pepperoni . Fold the clean half of the tortilla over the filling , and cook until golden on each side . Repeat with remaining tortillas . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Combine ground beef , onion , green pepper , crackers , and egg in a large bowl . Season with Worcestershire sauce , garlic , seasoned salt , and pepper ; mix well . Form mixture into meatballs . Place meatballs in a x inch baking dish . Bake meatballs in the preheated oven for minutes . Pour the spaghetti sauce into a large saucepan ; bring to a simmer over low heat . Stir baked meatballs into the simmering sauce . Do not turn oven off . Simmer sauce until meatballs are fully cooked , about minutes . Place one meatball , a sprinkle of mozzarella , a sprinkle of Parmesan , and a bit of sauce between each roll . Place sandwiches in hot oven ; bake until cheeses melt , about minutes . 
Combine grape jelly and barbeque sauce in a slow cooker . Stir in the miniature smoked sausage links . Cook on High , until heated through , to hours . 
In a large bowl , mix together the chicken and bread crumbs . Season with green onion , ground coriander , cilantro , chili sauce and lemon juice ; mix well . Using damp hands , form mixture into evenly shaped balls that are either small enough to eat with your fingers , or large enough to use as burgers . Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat . Fry the chicken balls in batches until well browned all over . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Combine the margarine , salt , garlic salt , Worcestershire sauce and pumpkin seeds . Mix thoroughly and place in shallow baking dish . Bake for hour , stirring occasionally . 
Pour water and vinegar into a saucepan , and bring to a boil over high heat . Stir in sugar , ginger , garlic , chile pepper , and ketchup ; simmer for minutes . Stir in cornstarch . Remove saucepan from stove to cool . Then transfer to a bowl , cover , and refrigerate until needed . 
Preheat grill to to degrees F ( to degrees C ) . In a large mixing bowl , beat eggs , add shredded zucchini and mix well using a fork . Add flour , sugar , salt and vegetable oil and stir to blend well . Finally , add baking powder and mix well using a large spoon . The batters consistency should be like heavy whipping cream . Spoon batter on hot grill ( about tablespoons ) for each pancake . Cook until there are no longer bubbles forming in the pancake about minutes ; turn over and cook for minutes longer . Rub pancakes with melted butter and serve immediately . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Slice bread in half horizontally . Using your fingers pull out most of the soft bread to form a hollow shell . Save pulled-out bread for another use . Mix together butter , mushrooms , cheese , green onions , and garlic . Spread the mixture on both cut sides of bread . Place the bread , cut sides up , on baking sheet . Bake in preheated oven until the cheese has melted , about to minutes . Cut in wedges to serve . 
Preheat the ovens broiler . Arrange the whole cloves of garlic , tomatillos , and jalapenos on a baking sheet . Place under the broiler , and cook for a few minutes . Remove garlic cloves first , as soon as they are toasted , to avoid developing a bitter flavor . Continue to roast jalapenos and tomatillos until evenly charred , turning occasionally . Set aside to cool . Dont remove the charred parts of the tomatillos or the peppers . They add a really nice flavor . Place peppers and tomatillos in a blender with the garlic and cilantro . Add a little water to the mixture if necessary to facilitate blending . Season with salt and pepper to taste . Refrigerate until serving . 
Combine the salt , vinegar , and water in a large pot , and bring to a boil over high heat . Add the eggs one at a time , being careful not to crack them . Reduce the heat to a gentle boil , and cook for minutes . Once the eggs have cooked , remove them from the hot water , and place into a container of ice water or cold , running water . Cool completely , about minutes . Store in the refrigerator up to week . 
In a large saucepan over medium-high heat , saute the rice , onion , dill , and mint for about minutes , or until onion is soft . Pour in quart of broth , reduce heat to low and simmer for another to minutes , or until rice is almost cooked . Stir in / of lemon juice and remove from heat . Take one leaf , shiny side down , and place teaspoon of the rice mixture at the bottom ( stem ) end of the leaf . Fold both sides of the leaf towards the center , roll up from the broad bottom to the top , and place into a quart pot . Repeat with all leaves , leaving no gaps as leaves are placed in pot ( to prevent from opening while cooking ) . Sprinkle with remaining lemon juice and with olive oil . Pour chicken broth over all to cover grape leaves . Cover pot and simmer for about hour ( do not boil , because this will make the stuffing burst out of the leaves ) . Remove from heat , remove cover and let cool for / hour . Transfer to serving dish and serve . 
Process cream cheese in a food processor to soften completely ; add salmon , capers , green onion , dill , cream , Worcestershire sauce , hot pepper sauce , and lemon juice . Process the mixture again until creamy and smooth . 
In a saucepan over medium heat , combine coconut milk , peanut butter , onion , soy sauce , brown sugar , and pepper flakes . Bring to a boil , stirring frequently . Remove from heat , and keep warm . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a quart baking dish . In a medium bowl , mix Cheddar cheese , mayonnaise and sweet onion . Transfer to the baking dish and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese . Bake in the preheated oven to minutes , or until onions are tender and the mixture is bubbly and lightly browned . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Put egg in each of muffin cups . Bake in preheated oven for minutes . Plunge baked eggs in a large bowl filled with ice water until cooled completely , about minutes . 
Scrub the potatoes , then slice them paper thin . Place a sheet of parchment paper over the bottom of your microwave oven . Place the potato slices in a single layer on top of the paper . Season with salt . Cover the potatoes with a second sheet of parchment paper . Cook on high power for minutes , or until potato slices are browned and crisp , testing and adjusting the time as necessary since all microwaves cook differently . Remove potato chips from the microwave and cool on a rack . Repeat these steps to cook the remaining potato slices . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Coat a inch pie plate with vegetable oil spray . Press cream cheese evenly onto the bottom of the pie plate . In a large skillet , brown the hamburger . Drain excess fat . Mix in the taco seasoning and water . Cook and stir to minutes . Remove the skillet from the heat before mixing in salsa and jalapenos . Pour the beef mixture over the cream cheese in the pie plate . Sprinkle the Mexican-style cheese over the entire dish . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) until the cheese has melted . 
In a medium-size mixing bowl , combine cream cheese , Parmesan cheese , mayonnaise , oregano , Worcestershire sauce , chives and garlic powder . Mix well . Shape the mixture into a ball and refrigerate it until ready to serve . 
Into large bowl , measure cereal ; set aside . In quart microwaveable bowl , microwave chips , butter , lemon peel and juice uncovered on High minute ; stir . Microwave about seconds longer or until mixture can be stirred smooth . Pour mixture over cereal , stirring until evenly coated . Pour into gallon resealable food-storage plastic bag . Add powdered sugar . Seal bag ; gently shake until well coated . Spread on waxed paper or foil to cool . Store in airtight container . 
In a small bowl , mix the eggs and water . Mix the bread crumbs and garlic salt in a medium bowl . In a medium bowl , blend the flour and cornstarch . In a large heavy saucepan , heat the oil to degrees F ( degrees C ) . One at a time , coat each mozzarella stick in the flour mixture , then the egg mixture , then in the bread crumbs and finally into the oil . Fry until golden brown , about seconds . Remove from heat and drain on paper towels . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a inch square baking dish . Spread the oats and coconut evenly across a baking sheet . Toast oats and coconut in preheated oven until browned , about minutes ; transfer to a large mixing bowl . Mix honey , peanut butter , vanilla extract , and salt in a saucepan over medium-low heat . Cook and stir until smooth . Pour the honey mixture over the oats and coconut ; stir to coat . Spread the mixture evenly into the prepared baking dish . Bake in preheated oven until beginning to dry , about minutes for crunchy granola bars , less if you like them chewy . Cool completely before cutting . 
In a medium bowl , blend cream cheese , milk , green onions and prepared horseradish . Gradually mix in crabmeat . Chill in the refrigerator until serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and generously spray with cooking spray . Mix Parmesan cheese , bread crumbs , garlic powder , onion powder , black pepper , and salt in a bowl . Dip chicken wings in melted butter ; press into bread crumb mixture until well-coated . Arrange wings on prepared baking dish . Bake in preheated oven until golden brown , about minutes . Flip chicken wings and continue baking until evenly browned and no longer pink in the center , about minutes more . 
In a medium bowl , mix cream cheese until soft and smooth . Blend in lemon juice , Worcestershire sauce , and salt and pepper . Mix in garlic , onions , and crab meat . Store , covered , in refrigerator until ready to use . To serve warm , heat in microwave for to minutes . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place the chicken breasts into a saucepan and fill with enough water to cover . Bring to a boil , then simmer over medium heat until chicken is tender enough to be pulled apart with a fork . Drain and cool until cool enough to touch . Shred or chop chicken and place in a to quart casserole . Mix the cream cheese into the chicken until well blended , then stir in the ranch dressing and hot sauce . Top with Cheddar cheese . Bake uncovered for minutes in the preheated oven , until cheese is browned and the sauce is bubbly . 
In a medium bowl , blend the cream cheese and sour cream . Mix in the celery , green onions , lemon juice , Cheddar cheese , imitation crab and hot pepper sauce . Serve chilled . 
Cut the avocados into halves . Remove the seeds , and scoop out the pulp into a small bowl . Use a fork to mash the avocado . Stir in lemon juice , onion , salt , and olive oil . Cover the bowl , and refrigerate for hour before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Combine tomato , basil , and red onion in a small mixing bowl ; stir well . Season with freshly ground black pepper . Set aside . Arrange bread on a baking sheet . Place in oven , and bake until well toasted , approximately minutes . Remove bread from oven , and transfer to a large serving platter . Let bread cool to minutes . Rub garlic into the top of each slice of toast ; the toast should glisten with the garlic . Spoon the tomato mixture generously onto each slice , and serve . 
Whisk mayonnaise , sweet chile sauce , and Sriracha hot sauce together in a bowl . Place cornstarch in a shallow bowl . Gently press shrimps into cornstarch to coat ; shake off any excess . Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Working in batches , cook the shrimp until they are lightly browned on the outside and the meat is no longer transparent in the center , about to minutes . Transfer to paper towels to drain . Put cooked shrimp in a bowl and pour chile sauce mixture over the shrimp . Toss gently to coat . Line a serving bowl with lettuce leaves . Pour shrimp into bowl and top with green onion . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spray a x-inch baking dish with cooking spray . Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat . Cook and stir beef in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly , to minutes ; drain and discard grease . Stir ground beef , refried beans , cups Colby-Monterey Jack cheese , sour cream , cream cheese , and taco seasoning mix together in a bowl until well mixed . Spread mixture into the prepared baking dish . Bake in the preheated oven for minutes ; sprinkle with remaining cup Colby-Monterey Jack cheese . Continue baking until cheese is melted , about more minutes . 
Preheat an outdoor grill for low heat , and lightly oil the grate . Wrap each potato with a piece of bacon and secure with a toothpick . Sprinkle the potatoes with the powdered ranch dressing mix . Place the wrapped potatoes on the grill , turning the potatoes several times to allow the bacon to cook on all sides . The potatoes will be done when the bacon is nice and crispy , about to minutes . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a x inch baking pan . In a large bowl , stir together the brown sugar , peanut butter , corn syrup , applesauce , and vanilla . In a separate bowl , stir together the oats , chocolate chips , mini marshmallows , cereal rings and wheat germ . Stir the dry ingredients into the peanut butter mixture until evenly coated . Press lightly into the prepared pan . Bake or to minutes in the preheated oven , or until slightly golden . Cool in the pan on a wire rack . Cut into bars . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a small mixing bowl , combine tuna , egg , parsley , cheese , salt and pepper . In another small bowl , mix the soup , milk , and pimentos together . Flatten the crescent rolls one at a time , and place a small amount of tuna mixture on each roll . Fold over and seal edges . Arrange stuffed crescent rolls in the preheated oven . Pour the soup and milk mixture over the rolls . Bake in preheated oven until the dumplings are richly browned , about minutes . 
In a large skillet , brown ground beef . Set aside to drain and cool to room temperature . Spread the beans into the bottom of a x inch serving tray that is about / inches deep . Sprinkle cups of shredded cheese on top of beans . Sprinkle beef on top of cheese . Spread sour cream very slowly on top of beef . Spread guacamole on top of sour cream . Pour salsa over guacamole and spread evenly . Sprinkle remaining shredded cheese . Sprinkle black olives , tomatoes , and green onions on top . You can serve this dish immediately , or refrigerate it over night and serve cold . I think it tastes better at room temperature . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a baking sheet . Mix the spinach , feta cheese , mozzarella cheese , Parmesan cheese , garlic , and salt in a bowl . Arrange one sheet of phyllo dough on a clean work surface and brush with melted butter . Cover the remaining phyllo dough with a damp towel . Place a second sheet of phyllo on top and brush with butter , then place a third sheet on top . Cut the buttered phyllo lengthwise into four strips . Place about tablespoon of the spinach mixture on the bottom of each strip . Take the bottom right corner and fold the dough over the filling to make a triangle . Fold the bottom left corner up to make another triangle . Continue folding until all the dough is folded . Arrange the stuffed triangles , seam-side down , on the prepared baking sheet . Lightly brush the triangle with butter . Repeat with the remaining phyllo dough and spinach filling . Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown , about minutes . Cool slightly before serving . 
In a deep fryer , heat inch of fat or oil to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a medium mixing bowl combine all other ingredients , blend well and let stand for minutes . Use a serving spoon to scoop up tablespoon size pieces of batter and gently drop them into the oil . Rise the spoon as needed to keep the batter from sticking . Cook the hushpuppies , or at a time , until brown . Remove from the oil with a slotted spoon and roll on paper towels to briefly drain . Serve hot . 
Heat chicken and hot pepper sauce in a skillet over medium heat , until heated through , about minutes . Stir in Neufchatel cheese and ranch dressing . Cook and stir until well blended and warm , to minutes . Mix in half of the shredded Cheddar cheese , then transfer mixture to a slow cooker . Sprinkle remaining Cheddar cheese over top , cover , and cook on Low until hot and bubbly , about minutes . Serve with celery sticks and crackers . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Arrange the bread slices on a non-stick cookie sheet . In an electric blender or food processor combine the spinach , Parmesan , almonds , basil , garlic , salt and pepper . Blend until a paste forms . Pulse in tablespoons olive oil ; continue pulsing until the mixture is the consistency of soft butter . In a small mixing bowl combine chopped tomatoes , green onion and tablespoon olive oil ; stir . Bake the bread slices for minutes or until crisp and brown . Arrange toast on a serving platter . Spread each piece of toast with a thin layer of the blended pesto , then top with the tomato mixture . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Mix together the artichokes , peppers , feta , mayonnaise , and Parmesan cheese in a bowl ; spread into the bottom of a shallow baking dish . Bake in preheated oven until bubbling on top , to minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Slice the baguette crosswise into / inch thick slices In a small bowl , stir together the butter , olive oil , and chopped garlic . Spread the butter mixture onto each slice of the bread . Place the slices onto a cookie sheet buttered side up . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for to minutes , or until lightly toasted , and hard . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spray a x inch baking dish with cooking spray . Pour the beaten eggs into the prepared baking dish . Bake in the preheated oven until they set and are no longer runny , to minutes . Remove , allow to cool , and cut into portions . Butter the cut sides of the croissants and place one portion of the cooked egg onto each croissant bottom . Top each sandwich with two slices of ham and a slice of Colby-Jack cheese . Place the croissant tops on top of the sandwiches ; wrap each sandwich well with plastic wrap . Place the sandwiches onto a baking sheet ; freeze until solid , about hours . Store frozen . To reheat , cook a wrapped sandwich in a microwave on High until hot in the center , to minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a inch round baking dish . Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat ; cook and stir onion and bell pepper until softened , about minutes . Stir in ham and continue cooking until heated through , minutes more . Beat eggs and milk in a large bowl . Stir in Cheddar cheese and ham mixture ; season with salt and black pepper . Pour mixture into prepared baking dish . Bake in preheated oven until eggs are browned and puffy , about minutes . Serve warm . 
Mash banana in a bowl using a fork ; add eggs , baking powder , and cinnamon and mix batter well . Heat butter in a skillet over medium heat . Spoon batter into the hot butter and cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry , to minutes . Flip and cook until browned on the other side , to minutes . Repeat with remaining batter . 
Mix together flour , sugar , baking powder and salt . Cut in shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs . Add water , egg , and vinegar . Mix together but do not work too much . Divide pastry into two pieces , cover and chill for minutes . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Form each piece into a round and roll out crust on lightly floured surface . Carefully fit into two inch tart pans . Blind bake tart shells in preheated oven until golden brown . Let cool . Place bacon in a large , deep skillet . Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown . Drain , crumble , and set aside . Saute onion in butter until translucent . Divide ham , bacon and onion into two equal portions and sprinkle over the bottom of tart shells . Whisk together cream and beaten eggs . Add salt , pepper , nutmeg , basil , and thyme , and stir well . Pour egg mixture over bacon mixture . Sprinkle cream cheese cubes and grated Cheddar and Monterey Jack cheeses over the top of each filled tart . Sprinkle green onions over cheese , followed by sliced almonds . Bake in preheated degrees F ( degrees C ) oven for to minutes . Let cool slightly , then cut and serve . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a x inch loaf pan . In a large bowl , combine the sugar , flour , cinnamon walnuts , apples , and cheese . Add the eggs , melted butter or margarine , and milk ; stir until well blended . Pour into prepared loaf pan . Bake in preheated oven for hour , or until done . If loaf starts to brown too much , cover with foil . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Fit pie crust into a inch pie dish . Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat ; cook and stir green onions and garlic until green onions are softened , about minutes . Cook and stir turkey bacon in the green onion mixture until fragrant . Stir spinach , shiitake mushrooms , and broccoli into green onion mixture ; cook and stir vegetables until softened , to minutes . Mix in / cup Cheddar cheese . Spoon vegetable mixture into the pie crust . Beat eggs , milk , sea salt , and black pepper together in a bowl ; pour egg mixture gently over vegetable filling , slightly stirring eggs into the filling to combine . Bake in the preheated oven for minutes ; sprinkle / cup Cheddar cheese over the top of the quiche and bake additional minutes . Cover quiche with aluminum foil and bake until quiche has set and a toothpick inserted into the quiche comes out clean , about more minutes . Allow quiche to cool for minutes before serving . 
Cut a pocket in each slice of bread . Open carefully In a large bowl , combine the ricotta , cottage cheese and cream cheese . Add the sugar and flavoring extract and beat until smooth . Spread the mixture evenly into each bread pocket . Beat together the egg substitutes and milk . Dip the slices of bread in the egg mixture . Heat a nonstick pan over medium-high heat . Coat with cooking spray . Cook the toast on each side for about to minutes per side until golden brown . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour two x inch loaf pans . Mix the flour , salt , sugar , and soda in a mixing bowl . Add vanilla , milk , eggs , and oil . Beat for five minutes with an electric mixer . Stir in the poppy seeds . Pour batter into loaf pans . Bake for one hour . Cool on wire racks . 
Heat a skillet over medium heat and spray with cooking spray . Whisk egg whites with salt and pepper in a bowl . Pour egg mixture into the heated skillet and swirl until eggs cover entire bottom of skillet ; cook for to minutes . Arrange spinach , tomatoes , and feta cheese in the middle of the eggs . Cook until edges of eggs begin to curl up , to more minutes . Loosen omelet from the skillet using a spatula and fold in half ; continue cooking until cheese is melted , to more minutes . 
Place / of the potatoes , onion , eggs , salt , flour , and baking powder in the work bowl of a food processor ; pulse several times until the vegetables are finely chopped . Add the rest of the potatoes , and pulse again until all the potatoes are finely chopped and the mixture is thoroughly combined . Heat canola oil in a skillet over medium heat . Scoop up about / cup of the potato mixture per latke , and place into the hot oil . Fry the patty until brown and crisp on the bottom , flip it , and cook the other side until brown , to minutes per side . Repeat with the rest of the potato mixture , replenishing the oil as needed . Serve hot . 
In a large bowl , whisk together eggs , milk and beer . Gradually whisk in flour . Add the salt and oil , then whisk the batter vigorously for to minutes , so all is thoroughly incorporated . Let the batter sit for hour . Heat a inch non-stick skillet over medium heat . Brush it with butter , and when its hot but not smoking , pour a scant / cup of batter into the center of the skillet , and rotate it so the batter covers the bottom of the pan in a thin layer , pouring out any excess batter . Cook the crepe until it is just golden on one side , to minutes , turn it and cook until it is golden on the other side , about seconds . Transfer to a plate , and keep warm by covering with aluminum foil . Continue until all of the batter is used . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spread potato nuggets onto a baking sheet . Bake in the preheated oven until nuggets are half-cooked , to minutes . Allow to cool until easily handled . Cut each nugget in half . Reduce oven temperature to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spray muffin cups with cooking spray . Heat a large skillet over medium heat ; cook and stir mushrooms , onion , red bell pepper , spinach , green onions , and sun-dried tomatoes for minutes . Drain excess liquid and stir in chopped bacon . Beat eggs , cream , salt , garlic powder , onion powder , and pepper together in a large bowl . Spoon bacon mixture into the prepared muffin cups and top each with Monterey Jack cheese . Pour egg mixture over cheese layer until each cup is nearly full . Place potato nugget halves into each . Bake in the preheated oven until set in the middle , to minutes . 
Place the milk , butter , bananas , flour , sugar , salt , cinnamon , and yeast in the bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer . Select Basic setting ; press Start . If your machine has a Fruit / Nut setting , add the raisins and walnuts at the signal , or around minutes before the kneading cycle has finished . 
Beat the eggs in a bowl with the sour cream until blended , and stir in the Cheddar cheese . Spray a skillet with cooking spray , and cook and stir the onion and pesto sauce over medium heat until the onion is translucent , about minutes . Stir in the tomatoes , and pour the egg mixture into the skillet . Cook and stir the egg mixture until the eggs are cooked but not dry , about minutes . Remove eggs from the skillet , and set aside . Place the turkey bacon into the skillet , and fry , flipping once , until the bacon is thoroughly cooked and starting to crisp , about minutes per side . When the bacon is cooked , place the artichokes into the skillet to heat for about minute , and remove the bacon and artichokes from the pan . Spray the skillet with cooking spray , and place the tortilla into the hot skillet . Heat the tortilla until warm and flexible , and remove to a plate . Spoon the eggs , turkey bacon , and artichokes into the center of the tortilla , and season with salt and pepper . Fold the bottom inches of the tortilla up to enclose the filling , and wrap tightly . 
Heat a non-stick skillet over medium heat . Pour in eggs , then Spam . Cook , stirring , until eggs are nearly done , then sprinkle cheese over , and stir until melted . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place sausage in a large , deep skillet . Cook over medium-high heat until evenly brown . Drain , crumble and set aside . Line the bottom and sides of a x inch baking dish with crescent rolls . Cover rolls with sausage , tomatoes , mushrooms , cup Cheddar cheese and cup mozzarella cheese . Bake in preheated oven for to minutes or until crust is golden brown . Remove from oven . In a large bowl , beat together eggs , Worcestershire sauce , salt and pepper . Pour egg mixture over crust . Bake for another to minutes , or until eggs are set . Remove from oven and sprinkle with remaining cheese . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a inch round cake pan . Place the bacon in a large , deep skillet ; cook over medium-high heat , turning occasionally , until lightly browned but still soft , about minutes . Drain the bacon slices on a paper towel-lined plate . Place the bacon on the bottom of the greased cake pan , overlapping slices as necessary to fit . Sprinkle the bacon strips with the brown sugar . Combine the prepared cake batter , maple extract , and maple syrup in a large bowl , mixing well . Pour the batter over the brown sugar and bacon in the cake pan . Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean , minutes . Cool cake slightly and remove from pan by inverting onto a serving platter . Cut into wedges to serve . 
Stir oats , yogurt , and almond milk together in a jar with a lid . Twist lid onto jar and refrigerate , hour to overnight . Stir oatmeal and add banana when ready to eat . 
Run the carrots and apple through a juice extractor and pour the resulting juice into a glass . Stir in the coconut milk and garnish with freshly grated ginger root . 
Whisk eggs , salt , and pepper together in a bowl until frothy . Melt tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium-low heat . Pour eggs into skillet ; cook and stir with spatula until set , to minutes . Remove from heat . Cut rolls in half horizontally ; lay bottoms in a single layer in a x-inch baking dish . Add a layer of provolone cheese , then scrambled eggs , then a layer of ham , then provolone cheese , then ham , then provolone cheese again . Cover with roll tops . Cut through ham and provolone cheese layers to make individual sandwiches . Melt / cup butter , brown sugar , and mustard together in a small saucepan over medium heat ; cook and stir until sugar is dissolved . Spread mixture over roll tops . Cover baking dish with aluminum foil and let stand , about minutes . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Remove aluminum foil from baking dish . Bake in preheated oven until tops are golden brown and cheese has melted , to minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a x inch loaf pan . In a large bowl , cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy . Stir in the eggs one at a time , beating well with each addition . Stir in vanilla and banana . In a separate bowl , sift together flour , baking powder , and salt . Blend the banana mixture into the flour mixture ; stir just to combine . Fold in walnuts . Pour batter into prepared pan . Bake in preheated oven for hour , until a toothpick inserted into center of loaf comes out clean . 
Whisk buttermilk , eggs , and milk together in a bowl until blended ; add oats and whisk until oats are wet , about seconds . Set aside until oats absorb some liquid , about minutes . Stir flour , sugar , baking powder , salt , baking soda , and cinnamon into the oat mixture ; whisk until completely blended into a batter . Melt / teaspoon butter in a skillet over medium heat . Ladle batter into the skillet and cook until bubbles appear on the surface , to minutes . Flip with a spatula and continue cooking until browned on the other side , to minutes more . Repeat with remaining butter and batter . 
Put coconut water , banana , avocado , kale , lemon juice , and cayenne pepper in blender ; blend until smooth , about seconds . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a bowl , stir together flour , savory and salt . Whisk milk with eggs ; gradually whisk into flour mixture until smooth . Let stand for minutes . Meanwhile , prick sausages with a fork ; place in greased x-inch baking dish . Bake in preheated oven , turning sausages once , for to minutes or until golden . Drain off all but tablespoons fat . Remove from oven ; increase temperature to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Whisk batter ; pour over sausages . Bake for to minutes or until puffed and golden . Serve immediately . 
Arrange bread in the bottom of a lightly greased medium baking dish , and drizzle with butter . Top with Swiss cheese , Monterey Jack cheese , and ham . In a medium bowl , blend eggs , milk , and mustard . Season with salt and pepper . Pour into the baking dish . Cover , and refrigerate hours , or overnight . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Blend sour cream and Parmesan cheese in a small bowl , and set aside . Bake the layered mixture hour in the preheated oven . Spread sour cream mixture over the surface of the baked dish , and continue cooking about minutes , until surface is lightly browned . Allow to sit about minutes before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Melt butter in a medium baking dish . In a medium bowl , mix flour , milk , eggs and salt . Pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish . Bake on center rack in the preheated oven for to minutes , until golden brown . 
Cook bacon in a skillet over medium heat until crisp , to minutes . Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain ; let cool and crumble . Reserve bacon drippings in skillet . Combine crumbled bacon , potatoes , flour , eggs , garlic , thyme , salt , and black pepper in a large bowl . Pour vegetable oil about / inch deep into skillet with bacon drippings and place over medium heat ; heat until the oil and bacon drippings shimmer . Gently drop potato mixture by heaping tablespoon into hot oil and flatten potatoes into small patties about inches in diameter . Cook until browned , about minutes on each side . 
Blend oranges , spinach , water , pineapple , grapes , ice , and flax seed in a blender until smooth . 
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer . Cover pan and bring the water to a boil . Add asparagus , cover , and steam until just tender , to minutes depending on thickness . Fill a large saucepan with to inches of water and bring to a boil . Reduce the heat to medium-low , pour in the vinegar , and keep the water at a gentle simmer . Stir in salt until dissolved . Crack an egg into a small bowl and gently slip the egg into the simmering water , holding the bowl just above the surface of the water . Repeat with the remaining eggs . Poach the eggs until the whites are firm and the yolks have thickened but are not hard , to minutes . Remove the eggs from the water with a slotted spoon , drain on plate lined with kitchen towels to remove excess water , then place onto a warm plate . Preheat the ovens broiler and set the oven rack about inches from the heat source . Arrange croissant halves on a baking sheet . Top each with poached egg , slice Canadian bacon , spears asparagus , and / cup Asiago cheese . Broil in preheated oven until cheese is melted and beginning to crisp , to minutes . Heat hollandaise sauce in a saucepan over medium heat until bubbly and hot , about minutes . Serve sauce poured over baked croissants . 
In a large bowl , mix together oil , pumpkin , sugars , pudding mixes , cinnamon , and salt . Slightly beat the eggs , and mix into the batter . Mix in flour and baking soda until just combined . Stir in nuts , if desired . Spread batter into two greased and floured x inch loaf pans . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for hour , or until a tester inserted in the center comes out clean . 
In a medium bowl , whisk together the eggs and herb seasoning blend . Place a lightly greased skillet over medium-high heat . When hot , pour the egg mixture in , and turn the skillet to coat evenly . Cook until almost done , then flip over . Spread the top with horseradish and sprinkle with Cheddar and Parmesan cheeses . Continue to cook until the bottom is no longer raw . Fold in half and transfer to a plate for serving . 
Place the pancake mix in a large bowl . Add the water and Amish Friendship Bread Starter and stir until well combined . Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat . Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle , using approximately / cup for each pancake . Brown on both sides and serve hot . 
Preheat a waffle iron according to manufacturers instructions . Grease the inside of the waffle iron . Mix all-purpose flour , whole wheat flour , baking powder , and salt together in a bowl . Whisk milk , bananas , canola oil , eggs , and vanilla extract together in a separate bowl ; stir into flour mixture until batter is moistened with a few lumps . Spoon about / cup batter into preheated waffle iron and cook according to manufacturers instructions . 
Stir coconut milk and vinegar together in a bowl ; set aside until the coconut milk tastes sour , about minutes . Mix flour , sugar , baking powder , baking soda , and salt together in a large mixing bowl . Beat egg and melted butter into the coconut milk mixture ; pour into the flour mixture and whisk together until no lumps remain in the batter . Prepare a large skillet with cooking spray and place over medium heat . Ladle batter into the skillet / cup at a time ; cook until bubbles appear on the top of the pancake , about minutes . Flip the pancake and continue cooking until the bottom is browned and the center is cooked through , to minutes more . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Crumble pork sausage into a large skillet over medium-high heat ; cook and stir until no longer pink , to minutes . Drain and discard any excess grease . Return skillet to heat ; add cream of chicken soup , French onion dip , green bell pepper , red bell pepper , and onion . Fold hash brown potatoes and cup Cheddar cheese into the mixture ; bring to a simmer . Transfer sausage mixture to a x-inch casserole dish ; top with cup Cheddar cheese . Cover dish with aluminum foil . Bake in preheated oven for minutes . Remove foil and continue baking until beginning to brown around the edges , about minutes more . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Prepare two cookie sheets with cooking spray . In a large bowl , combine oats , wheat germ , almonds , cinnamon and nutmeg . In a separate bowl , mix apple juice , molasses and extract . Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients , stirring to coat . Spread mixture onto baking sheets . Bake for minutes in preheated oven , stirring mixture every to minutes , or until granola has a golden brown color . Let cool . Stir in dried fruit . Store in an airtight container . 
In a large bowl , combine butter , egg , milk and apple . In a separate bowl , sift together flour , baking powder , cinnamon and sugar . Stir flour mixture into apple mixture , just until combined . Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat . Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle , using approximately / cup for each pancake . Brown on both sides and serve hot . 
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat . Add zucchini ; cook and stir until soft . Add the onion and bell pepper , and cook until tender , about minutes . Make a clearing in the center of the skillet and pour in the eggs . Cook and stir to scramble . When the eggs are cooked , stir in the tomato sauce until everything is coated . Serve warm . 
Preheat a waffle iron according to manufacturers instructions . Stir milk , buckwheat , almond flour , vegetable oil , eggs , baking powder , sugar , and salt together in a bowl until batter is smooth . Working in batches , ladle batter into preheated waffle iron and cook until waffles are golden and crisp , to minutes . 
Preheat a waffle iron according to manufacturers instructions . Mix flour , oats , sugar , baking powder , and salt in a large bowl . Beat egg yolks in another bowl , reserving egg whites in a third bowl . Add buttermilk , milk , and melted butter to egg yolks ; beat until well mixed . Pour buttermilk mixture into flour mixture ; beat until batter is blended . Beat egg whites and vanilla extract in a glass or metal bowl until soft peaks form . Fold half the egg whites into the buttermilk batter until egg whites are incorporated ; repeat with remaining half . Ladle batter into preheated waffle iron . Cook until waffles are golden and crisp , about minutes . Transfer waffle to a paper towel-lined plate to prevent sogginess and repeat with remaining batter . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease an inch square baking dish . Beat applesauce and white sugar together in a bowl . Add oats , milk , eggs , baking powder , and salt to applesauce mixture ; beat until evenly mixed . Stir banana into oat mixture . Pour batter into prepared baking dish . Stir brown sugar and cinnamon together in a small bowl ; sprinkle mixture over banana batter . Bake in the preheated oven until firm , to minutes . Cool for minutes before slicing into bars . 
Boil water and salt in a saucepan . Stir in quinoa ; cover , reduce heat to low , and simmer until tender , about minutes . Stir in chopped prunes , peanut butter , almond milk , cinnamon , and nutmeg . Cover and simmer more minutes . 
Melt the ghee in a skillet over medium-low heat . Stir in the shallots , and cook until the shallots begin to soften , about minutes . Season with the curry powder , and cook minutes more . Add the tablespoon of water if needed to keep the shallots from burning . Meanwhile , place the cream cheese into a microwave-safe bowl , and cook in the microwave until the cream cheese is fairly soft , about seconds on High . Whisk in the eggs and Dijon mustard until the cream cheese is mostly mixed in ( a few lumps are fine ) . Stir the egg mixture into the skillet with the shallots , and cook slowly , stirring occasionally , until the eggs have firmed . They will still be softer than normal scrambled eggs because of the cream cheese . Season to taste with salt and pepper just as the eggs are ready to come out of the pan . 
In a medium bowl , stir together the flour , wheat bran , salt and apple pie spice . Set aside . In a separate bowl , stir together the water and honey . Sprinkle the yeast over the surface , and let stand for about minutes to dissolve . When the yeast has dissolved , stir in the apples , applesauce , milk and egg whites until well blended . Stir this mixture into the dry ingredients . Cover , and let rest for about minutes . Heat the waffle iron , and coat with cooking spray . Spoon the waffle batter onto the iron in the amount recommended by the manufacturer . Close the iron , and cook for about minutes , or until the steam stops coming out and the waffle can be easily removed . Continue with remaining batter . 
Combine avocados , tomatoes , black beans , corn , cilantro , red onion , oil , vinegar , salt , and black pepper in a bowl until salsa is well mixed . Spoon salsa into each tortilla and top with Monterey Jack cheese . Roll tortilla around filling to create a burrito . Warm burritos on a microwave-safe plate in the microwave until cheese is melted and salsa is warmed , about seconds . Top burritos with sour cream . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease to mini loaf pans ( x inches each ) . Zest and juice an orange ; set tablespoon zest aside . Pour orange juice into a one-cup measuring cup , add boiling water to fill to one cup measurement . Pour juice mixture into a bowl and add the melted shortening , vanilla , egg , flour , salt , baking powder , baking soda , sugar , grated orange zest and chopped nuts . Stir well and pour batter into the prepared pans . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean and bread is nicely browned . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place bacon in a large , deep skillet . Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown . Drain , crumble and set aside . Place eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water . Bring water to a boil and immediately remove from heat . Cover and let eggs stand in hot water for to minutes . Remove from hot water , cool , peel and chop . Lightly grease a quart casserole dish . Sprinkle half of the chopped egg in the bottom of the casserole , add half of the bacon ; repeat . Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat . Add onion and cook until softened and transparent . Stir in flour . Slowly add milk and shredded cheese . Stir until cheese is melted and sauce is smooth and creamy . Pour over layered eggs and bacon . Bake in preheated oven for minutes . 
In a medium bowl , combine flour and baking powder . Stir in milk and egg yolk until smooth . In a large glass or metal mixing bowl , beat egg whites until stiff peaks form . Fold / of the whites into the batter , then quickly fold in remaining whites until no streaks remain . Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat . Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle , using approximately / cup for each pancake . Cook until pancakes are golden brown on both sides ; serve hot . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Unroll pie crust and press into an inch pie dish . Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat ; cook and stir green onions until wilted and beginning to brown , to minutes . Remove from heat . Spread ham over prepared pie crust and top with green onions . Whisk egg substitute , evaporated milk , and mozzarella cheese in a bowl . Pour over ham mixture . Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and garnish with chives . Bake in preheated oven for minutes . Increase heat to degrees F ( degrees C ) and continue baking until quiche is browned , to minutes . Remove from oven and allow quiche to rest until eggs are set , about minutes more . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a inch pie plate . Beat eggs in a large bowl . Whisk in the sour cream ; mix until smooth . Mix in the spinach , Cheddar cheese , feta cheese , Parmesan cheese , onion , tomato , green chiles , garlic , cumin , paprika , and cayenne pepper . Pour the egg mixture into the prepared pie plate . Set pie plate on a baking sheet . Bake quiche until a knife inserted into the center comes out clean , about hour . 
Preheat your waffle iron . In a small bowl , mix together the eggs , milk and oil . In a larger bowl , stir together the flour , cornmeal , baking powder , sugar and salt . Make a well in the center , and pour in the milk mixture . Stir until well blended . Pour / cup batter onto the heated waffle iron . Amount may be different for different irons . Place a strip of raw bacon over the batter across each section of the waffle iron . Close the lid , and cook until steam is no longer coming out , and the waffle is golden brown . For the cheese sauce , melt processed cheese in a bowl in the microwave . Gradually stir in milk until you reach your desired thickness . Drizzle cheese sauce over waffles before serving . 
In a blender , combine milk , malt powder and banana . Blend until smooth . Pour into glasses and serve . 
Spread croutons on bottom of greased x inch baking dish . Crumble sausage into medium skillet . Cook over medium heat until browned , stirring occasionally . Drain off any drippings . Spread sausage over croutons . In a large bowl , whisk together eggs and milk until well blended . Stir in soup , spinach , mushrooms , cheeses and mustard . Pour egg mixture over sausage and croutons . Refrigerate overnight . The next morning , preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Bake in preheated oven for to minutes or until set and lightly browned on top . Garnish with parsley sprigs and serve hot . 
Toss the zucchini and salt together and place into a colander set in the sink . Allow to drain for hour , then squeeze the liquid out of the zucchini , and set aside . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Prepare a / quart casserole dish with the melted butter . Whisk the eggs in a mixing bowl with the pepper , garlic powder , and parsley . Stir in the zucchini , Monterey Jack cheese , and baking mix until combined . Pour into the prepared casserole dish . Bake , uncovered , in the preheated oven until set and golden brown on top , minutes to hour . The souffle is done when a knife inserted into the center comes out clean . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Heat / teaspoon olive oil in a nonstick oven-safe skillet over medium heat ; cook and stir green onions and garlic in the hot oil until the garlic is fragrant but not browned , about minute . Stir in spinach , cover skillet , and cook until spinach is wilted , about minutes . Transfer spinach to a large bowl . Heat / teaspoon olive oil in same skillet and turn heat to medium-high . Cook and stir mushrooms until lightly browned , about minutes ; remove from heat . Squeeze any moisture from spinach mixture and stir into mushrooms . Beat eggs in a bowl until thoroughly combined . Stir eggs into the spinach-mushroom mixture ; thoroughly stir in feta and jalapeno yogurt cheeses . Spoon the mixture back into the skillet ; use a spoon to level surface . Wipe any filling from edge of skillet above the filling with a paper towel . Bake in the preheated oven until the quiche is golden brown , about minutes . Let cool slightly before cutting into slices . 
Combine the cream cheese substitute , sugar , vanilla extract , and coconut milk with an electric mixer until smooth and creamy . 
Blend cottage cheese , oats , egg whites , and vanilla extract together in a blender until smooth . Spray a griddle or skillet with cooking spray and place over medium heat . Drop batter by large spoonfuls onto the griddle and cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry , to minutes . Flip and cook until browned on the other side , to minutes . Repeat with remaining batter . 
Coat the inside of a slow cooker with cooking spray . Combine almond milk , oats , apples , raisins , walnuts , brown sugar , butter , cinnamon , and salt in the prepared slow cooker . Cook on Low for to hours . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Combine the thawed strawberries with their juice and the blueberries in a bowl ; set aside . Beat together the softened cream cheese and confectioners sugar until smooth ; set aside . Whisk the milk , eggs , vanilla , and cinnamon in a shallow bowl . Melt butter over medium heat in a large skillet or griddle . Dip bread into egg mixture , coating thoroughly . Cook until well-browned on both sides , about minutes . Place cooked slices on baking sheet and place in oven to keep warm until ready to serve . Spread the cream cheese mixture over each slice of french toast , then top with tablespoons of the fruit . Serve immediately . 
Whisk egg with tablespoons melted butter , vanilla extract , and tablespoon white sugar in a bowl until thoroughly combined ; whisk in milk and cream . Sift flour with baking powder and salt in a separate bowl ; stir flour mixture into liquid ingredients to make a smooth batter . Stir / cup white sugar with brown sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl . Melt teaspoon butter in a skillet over medium-low heat . Scoop up about tablespoons of batter and pour into skillet . Sprinkle top of pancake with about teaspoons of cinnamon sugar in an even layer ; cook pancake until bottom is golden brown , to minutes . Flip pancake over onto sugared side and cook until the cinnamon sugar melts into a crust , about minutes . Repeat with remaining batter and cinnamon sugar . Let pancakes cool without stacking to avoid softening the sugar crust . 
In a large bowl , lightly beat eggs . Stir in chopped tomato , onion , green pepper and jalapeno . In a large skillet , melt butter over medium heat . Toss in the tortilla strips and cook briefly until soft . Add the egg and vegetable mixture and stir to combine . Cook , stirring occasionally , until eggs are set . Sprinkle with cheese and serve hot . 
Build a campfire and allow the fire to burn until it has accumulated a bed of coals . Rake the coals into a flat bed on one side of the fire . Alternatively , preheat an outdoor grill . Place apples in a loaf pan . Combine brown sugar and cinnamon in a bowl ; spoon into each apple . Place the loaf pan into the campfire or on the grill ; cook for about minutes . Carefully remove the pan from the fire and sprinkle bacon over apples . Place in the fire or on the grill for about minutes more . 
Heat oil in a skillet over medium-high heat ; saute zucchini until tender , about minutes . Season zucchini with salt and black pepper . Beat eggs with a fork in a bowl ; add water and beat until evenly combined . Pour eggs over zucchini ; cook and stir until eggs are scrambled and no longer runny , about minutes . Season zucchini and eggs with salt and black pepper . 
Combine ricotta cheese and coconut milk in a bowl . Drizzle on honey and sprinkle with almonds and coconut . Top with blueberries . 
In a medium bowl , stir together the flour , brown sugar , baking powder and salt . Pour in the milk , oil , egg and vanilla , and mix until well blended . Stir in the strawberries . Heat a large skillet or griddle over medium heat , and coat with butter or cooking spray . Pour batter into desired size of pancakes . Flip with a spatula when bubbles appear in the center . Cook until golden brown on the other side . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a large bowl , whip all of the eggs along with the whipping cream and salt , until fluffy . Fold in the flour , and pour the mixture into four inch cake pans . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for to minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Make cheese sandwiches by placing cheese slice between bread slices and pressing together . Cut each sandwich into triangles and arrange in a lightly greased x inch baking dish . Mix together beaten eggs , milk , salt and pepper ; pour mixture over sandwiches and sprinkle with grated cheese . ( Note : Vary amounts if needed ; sandwiches do not need to be totally covered in egg mixture , but egg should soak in and leave a little in the bottom of the dish . ) Bake for minutes or until golden brown , checking frequently . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Fit pie crust into a pie dish and prick the bottom of the crust with a fork . Bake in the preheated oven for minutes . Reduce heat to degrees F ( degrees C ) and continue baking until crust is golden , to more minutes . Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat ; cook and stir zucchini , carrots , and mushrooms until vegetables are tender , about minutes ; drain . Place half the zucchini mixture in the crust . Sprinkle with mozzarella cheese . Combine ricotta cheese , half-and-half , eggs , salt , oregano , basil , garlic powder , and pepper in a large bowl . Pour ricotta mixture into crust , top with remaining zucchini mixture and sprinkle with paprika . Bake quiche in the preheated oven until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean , about minutes . 
Grease a griddle or large skillet and preheat over medium heat . Stir quinoa flour , baking powder , and salt together in a bowl . Stir flaxseed milk , eggs , melted butter , and honey into the flour mixture until you have a thin batter . Pour / cup batter onto your hot cooking surface per pancake and cook until bubbles form on top , to minutes . Flip the pancake and cook until browned on the bottom , about minutes more . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour two x-inch bread pans . Place strawberries in a bowl and sprinkle with tablespoon sugar . Mix whole wheat flour , all-purpose flour , oats , / cup white sugar , baking powder , and cinnamon together in the bowl of a stand mixer . Stir bananas , eggs , and oil into strawberry mixture ; pour into flour mixture . Beat mixture using the stand mixer until batter is just combined . Divide batter between the prepared bread pans . Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean , to minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Heat the butter in a skillet over medium heat until the foam subsides , and cook and stir the onion and tomato until the onion is translucent and the liquid from the tomato has evaporated , about minutes . Transfer the tomato and onion to a bowl . Pour the beaten eggs into the cooked vegetables , and stir in tarragon , basil , salt , black pepper , and Cheddar cheese until thoroughly combined . Pour the egg mixture into the red bell pepper , and set into a small baking dish , standing upright . Cover the dish and pepper with foil . Bake in the preheated oven until the pepper is tender and the eggs are set , about minutes . 
Place the unpeeled potatoes in cold water and bring to a boil . When potatoes are almost soft , drain water and allow potatoes to cool . Make sure the potatoes do not get too soft , or they will be too wet and the lefse will be hard . Peel and mash the potatoes . Measure out cups ; set aside and allow to cool . Preheat your cast iron or electric skillet to a medium setting . Stir the butter and sugar into cups mashed potatoes . Add about one cup of flour and mix it into the potatoes . The amount of flour needs to be varied a little according to how moist the mashed potatoes are , the less flour you use the better , but you dont want the mixture to be sticky . Flour your pastry board and rolling pin . Make a ball of lefse dough about the size of a small apple and roll it out into a very thin circle . It should be as thin as a crepe , and will tear easily unless you are very careful . Heat a skillet or frying pan over medium-high heat . Lightly brown the lefse on both sides on your skillet , from to minutes per side . Roll up and serve with the filling of your choice . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Cook the chorizo in a skillet over medium heat until crumbled and evenly browned , about minutes ; drain and set aside . Cook the onion in the same skillet until soft ; stir in the eggs and scramble with the onion . Mix in the tomatoes and continue to cook and stir until eggs are nearly set ; remove from heat . Spread a layer of tortilla chips into a x baking dish . Scatter the chorizo and the scrambled egg mixture over the chips . Top with jalapeno slices and cover with the cheese . Bake in preheated oven until cheese is melted , to minutes . 
Beat eggs together with milk , salt , and pepper in a bowl . Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat . Add mushrooms ; cook and stir until softened , about minutes . Mix in green onions ; cook until slightly softened , about minute . Pour in the beaten eggs . Cook and stir until the edges harden , to minutes . Flip and sprinkle Cheddar cheese on top . Cook until egg is set and cheese is melted , to minutes . Fold omelet in half ; top with more Cheddar cheese . 
Combine milk , water , butter , and salt in a saucepan over medium-high heat . Bring to a boil , stirring gently . Remove from heat . Pour in semolina flour in a steady stream , whisking constantly to prevent lumps . Place saucepan back over medium heat ; whisk until porridge comes to a boil , about minutes . Reduce heat to low and cover ; cook until porridge thickens , about minutes . Remove saucepan from heat ; stir in sugar . Let porridge stand for to minutes before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line baking sheets with parchment paper . Pulse the walnuts in a food processor several times to chop ; continue processing until the walnuts are ground into flour ; transfer to a bowl . Mix in the rolled oats , whole wheat flour , flax meal , baking soda , salt , and cinnamon until thoroughly combined . Combine the almond butter , canola oil , agave nectar , brown sugar , egg , and vanilla extract in the food processor and process a few seconds to blend the ingredients well ; transfer the almond butter mixture to a large bowl and fold in the dried cherries and chocolate chips . Mix the walnut-oatmeal mixture into the almond butter mixture ( dough will be very thick ) . Scoop up heaping teaspoons of dough , and form into balls ; lay the dough balls onto the prepared baking sheets , about inches apart . Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned , to minutes . Remove from oven and flatten the cookies with a spatula . Allow to cool for about minutes on the baking sheets before removing to finish cooling on wire racks . 
Cut the bacon strips in half , and place into a shallow dish with the half-and-half , crisscrossing the bacon in a star pattern . Soak the bacon a minimum of minutes , but no more than hours . This step helps reduce the curling of the bacon during frying , tenderizes it , and adds a wonderful flavor . Stir together the flour , salt , pepper , and sugar in another shallow dish until blended ; set aside . When the bacon has finished soaking , remove it from the half-and-half , and shake off the excess . Press each piece into the flour mixture to coat , then set aside . If desired , you can place a sheet of wax paper between the rows of bacon once the plate is coved . However , the flour does a good job of keeping the bacon from sticking to each other . Heat the vegetable oil in a deep skillet over medium-low heat . Fry the bacon in batches until browned and cooked to desired degree of crispness , to minutes . Drain on a paper towel . 
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat . Gently fry potato farls for to minutes on each side or until golden brown . Season with salt and serve immediately . 
Whisk together the mayonnaise and half-and-half in a large bowl until smooth , then whisk in the eggs , dill weed , and garlic powder . Set aside . Heat the bacon drippings in a large skillet over medium heat . Stir in the red bell pepper ; cook and stir until the bell pepper begins to soften , about minutes . Stir in the ham and onion . Continue cooking and stirring until the onion is translucent and softened , about minutes more . Pour in the egg mixture . Cook and stir until the eggs are set , about minutes . 
Rehydrate and prepare servings of Idahoan Hash Browns according to package , ensuring that they are golden brown . Prepare scrambled eggs and add diced poblano chilies . Warm tortillas and top with / cup hash browns and / cup scrambled egg mixture . Sprinkle with scallions and dollops of soft goat cheese on top of eggs . Fold the sides of the tortilla in towards the center and roll up from the bottom , making sure to tuck in the sides as you roll . Repeat with remaining ingredients . Serve with a side of salsa verde . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a x-inch baking dish . Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer . Bring water to a boil . Add potatoes and season with salt and pepper . Cover and steam until tender , to minutes . Transfer potatoes the prepared baking dish . Beat eggs with sour cream in a large bowl and pour over potatoes . Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat . Cook and stir sausage in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly , to minutes ; drain and discard grease . Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat , turning occasionally , until evenly browned , about minutes . Drain bacon slices on paper towels . Crumble bacon and spread over potatoes and eggs . Heat a clean nonstick skillet over medium-high heat ; cook and stir bell peppers and onion in hot skillet until vegetables are tender , about minutes . Season with salt and pepper . Spread vegetables over egg mixture . Bake in the preheated oven until eggs are softly set , about minutes . Spread sausage over eggs and top with Cheddar cheese . Continue to bake until eggs are fully set and cheese is melted , about minutes more . 
Grease an x inch loaf pan . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a large mixing bowl , sift together flour , baking powder , baking soda , salt , and sugar . Add butter , eggs , nuts , and mashed banana . Beat until well blended . Pour batter into prepared pan and bake about hour , or until a toothpick inserted in the center of the loaf comes out clean . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Press pie crust into a inch pie dish . Beat eggs , bacon , mozzarella cheese , milk , flour , garlic , parsley , and thyme together in a bowl until evenly combined . Arrange / of the spinach in the bottom of the pie crust ; sprinkle artichoke hearts over spinach layer . Pour egg mixture over artichoke hearts . Layer the remaining spinach over egg mixture ; top with tomato slices . Bake in the preheated oven until a knife inserted in the center of the quiche comes out clean , about minutes . 
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat . Fry the potato in the hot oil until fork-tender , to minutes . Transfer the potatoes to a plate lined with paper towels and set aside . Return the skillet to medium heat . Cook the onion and garlic in the remaining oil until tender , about minutes . Add the crab to the skillet and season with salt and pepper ; stir . Cover the skillet and cook for minutes . Stir the tomatoes into the mixture and cook another minutes . Add the raisins , peas , and red bell pepper to the mixture ; stir and cook another minutes . Pour the eggs over the mixture . Cook until he eggs set , to minutes . Flip the omelet and cook minute more . Transfer to a serving plate and serve hot . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spray mini muffin tins with cooking spray . Mix milk and vinegar together in a bowl ; let stand until milk curdles , about minutes . Beat in oil and egg . Combine flour , sugar , baking powder , baking soda , and salt in a bowl ; stir into milk mixture until smooth . Spoon batter into the prepared muffin tins with a tablespoon or a small batter scoop . Bake in the preheated oven until batter is risen and still pale , about minutes . Remove from muffin cups with a silicone scraper . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease two x-inch loaf pans . Mix flour , cinnamon , salt , baking soda , baking powder , and nutmeg together in a bowl . Beat sugar , applesauce , eggs , oil , and vanilla extract together in a separate bowl ; stir in zucchini . Slowly mix flour mixture into zucchini mixture until well blended ; pour into prepared loaf pans . Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean , about minutes . 
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat ; add garam masala , turmeric , coriander , and salt . Cook and stir onion and green chile peppers in the seasoned oil until onion is slightly tender , about minutes . Crack eggs into the skillet and season with salt ; cook and stir until eggs are set and scrambled , about minutes . 
Combine gluten-free flour , baking powder , cinnamon , pumpkin pie spice , and salt in a large bowl . Whisk eggs in a separate bowl . Whisk in almond milk , coconut oil , pumpkin puree , maple syrup , and vanilla extract . Fold in flour mixture until batter is just blended . Preheat waffle iron according to manufacturers instructions . Let batter rest , about minutes . Stir batter . Scoop / cup batter onto the preheated iron and spread to the edges . Close iron and cook until iron stops steaming , about minutes . Repeat with remaining batter . 
In a bowl , mix together the milk , pumpkin , egg , oil and vinegar . Combine the flour , brown sugar , baking powder , baking soda , allspice , cinnamon , ginger and salt in a separate bowl . Stir into the pumpkin mixture just enough to combine . Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat . Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle , using approximately / cup for each pancake . Brown on both sides and serve hot . 
Heat ghee in a skillet over medium heat . Fry the onions , coriander , cumin , and cayenne pepper until the onions are soft . Stir in the curry paste and set aside . In a separate skillet , melt the butter over medium-low heat . Pour in the eggs ; cook and stir until eggs are set . Mix in the onion mixture and serve garnished with fresh cilantro . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a medium bowl , mix together eggs , milk , mayonnaise and cornstarch . Mix in the imitation crab and Swiss cheese . Pour into pie shell . Bake in preheated oven until a knife inserted into center of the quiche comes out clean , about to minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spray a x-inch loaf pan with cooking spray . Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat and stir in the sausage and brown sugar . Cook and stir until the meat is crumbly , evenly browned , and no longer pink . Drain and discard any excess grease . Transfer sausage to a bowl ; wipe the skillet clean . Melt the butter in the clean skillet over low heat . In a bowl , whisk together the eggs , milk , salt , and black pepper . Pour the eggs into the skillet . Allow the eggs to cook undisturbed until they begin to set , then gently stir the eggs until the curds are separate and set but not dry , to minutes . Roll out the crescent roll dough , and line the bottom and sides of the prepared pan with / of the dough . Layer the sausage , scrambled eggs , and Colby-Monterey Jack cheese into the pan , then top with the remaining / of dough . Pinch the corners and sides of the dough together . Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown , to minutes . 
Whisk together the flour , baking powder , and sea salt ; set aside . Whisk together the tofu , soy milk , canola oil , and water . Gradually whisk the flour mixture into the tofu mixture , making sure to beat out all lumps between additions . Heat a lightly oiled griddle over medium-high heat . Drop batter by large spoonfuls onto the griddle , and cook until lightly browned on the bottom . Flip , and cook until lightly browned on the other side . Repeat with remaining batter . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Prepare a quart shallow baking dish with cooking spray . Stir eggs and cream of mushroom soup together in a large bowl until smooth . Stir Cheddar cheese , roast beef , and black pepper into the egg mixture . Bake in preheated oven until set in the the center and golden brown on top , to minutes . 
Place hard bread into a pot . Cover bread with several inches of cool water , place a lid on the pot , and soak hours to overnight . Rinse salt cod under running cool water ; place into a pot . Cover fish with several inches of cold water , place a lid on the pot , and soak in the refrigerator hours to overnight . Add salt to soaked bread and bring just to a simmer over medium-low heat and simmer for minutes . Drain immediately ; cover to keep warm . Drain fish and cover with fresh water ; bring to a boil . Cook until fish is opaque and flakes easily with a fork , about minutes . Drain fish ; remove any bones . Stir fish into prepared hard bread . Cook and stir fatback in a frying pan over medium heat until golden brown , about minutes . Pour fatback and drippings over fish and bread mixture . Stir gently just to combine ; serve immediately . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Coat a inch pie dish with cooking spray . Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat ; cook salmon in the hot butter until fish flakes with a fork , about minutes per side . Separate fillets into pieces ; stir asparagus , onion , and garlic into skillet with salmon . Cook and stir until liquid clinging to asparagus pieces has evaporated , about minutes . Mix pepper , nutmeg , and / cup Asiago cheese into salmon mixture . Transfer filling into prepared pie dish . Whisk eggs , half-and-half , and salt in a bowl ; pour egg mixture over filling in pie dish . Bake in the preheated oven for minutes ; sprinkle quiche with / cup Asiago cheese and Cheddar cheese . Continue baking until quiche is set , a knife inserted into the middle comes out clean , and cheese topping is melted , to minutes . 
Peel orange and save a x-inch piece of the peel . Place orange , orange peel piece , carrots , and cucumber in a blender ; pour in water . Blend until desired consistency is reached ; add sugar and lemon juice . Blend until smooth , to minutes . 
Place pumpkin , water , rice milk , and millet in a slow cooker and stir well . Cook on Low until creamy , to hours . Stir butter and salt into cereal before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place potatoes in a microwave-safe bowl ; cook in the microwave , stirring occasionally , until tender but still hold shape , to minutes . Whisk eggs , Parmesan cheese , milk , and half of the rosemary together in a bowl until smooth ; season with salt and pepper . Saute bacon in a large oven-proof skillet over medium-high heat until almost crisp , to minutes . Remove about / cup of the bacon and set aside ; drain all but tablespoons bacon drippings from the skillet . Saute potatoes in the bacon drippings and remaining bacon until bacon is crisp , to minutes . Remove skillet from heat . Gently stir tomato and egg mixture into the potatoes . Sprinkle reserved bacon and remaining rosemary over egg mixture . Bake in the preheated oven until eggs are set and frittata is browned , about minutes . Cut frittata into wedges . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a pie plate with prepared pie pastry . Spray a large skillet with cooking spray and heat over medium heat . Cook and stir onion and garlic in hot skillet until onion is tender , to minutes . Stir mushrooms into onion mixture ; cook and stir until mushrooms reduce in size and soften , to minutes . Add spinach to vegetable mixture ; cook and stir until spinach wilts , to minutes . Remove from heat . Beat milk , eggs , Cajun seasoning , and salt together in a bowl . Spread vegetable mixture out into prepared pie plate ; sprinkle Mexican cheese blend over vegetable mixture . Pour egg mixture over cheese and sprinkle feta cheese over the top . Bake in the preheated oven until quiche is set , to minutes . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line baking sheets with parchment paper . Combine oatmeal , sunflower seeds , pumpkin seeds , sesame seeds , flax seeds , wheat germ , chopped dried cherries , salt , and cinnamon in a large bowl . Mix applesauce , maple syrup , and vanilla in a separate bowl . Pour applesauce mixture over the oatmeal mixture ; mix until evenly coated . Spread the mixture onto the prepared baking sheets ; smooth into a single thin layer . Bake in preheated oven minutes , stir gently to turn , and continue cooking until crisp and golden brown , another to minutes . 
Butter a large tube pan . Sprinkle butterscotch pudding mix and white sugar into tube pan . Arrange rolls around the pan . Sprinkle with pecans and brown sugar , then drizzle melted butter on top . Place pan in a cold oven and allow dough to rise overnight . Remove pan from oven . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Bake in preheated oven until golden brown , to minutes . Invert pan onto a large plate to serve . 
Place bacon in a large , deep skillet . Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown . Drain , crumble , and set aside . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a x inch baking dish . In a large bowl , beat together the eggs and milk . Stir in the bacon , hash browns , green onions , and cup shredded Cheddar cheese . Pour into the prepared baking dish . Bake in the preheated oven to minutes , or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean . Sprinkle the remaining Cheddar cheese on top , and continue baking for to minutes , or until the cheese is melted . Remove from oven , and let sit minutes before serving . 
Combine milk and lemon juice in a bowl and set aside to sour , about minutes . Add beaten egg and melted butter ; stir to combine . Combine spelt flour , sugar , baking powder , baking soda , and salt in a large bowl . Stir gently into milk mixture until just combined ; batter will be lumpy . Heat a lightly oiled griddle over medium-high heat . Drop batter by large spoonfuls onto the griddle and cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry , to minutes . Flip and cook until browned on the other side , to minutes . Repeat with remaining batter . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a cup muffin tin with cooking spray . Press circles into the bread slices using a small juice glass . Place circle into each muffin cup . Heat a skillet over medium heat ; cook bacon until almost crisp , to minutes . Beat eggs with onion , garlic powder , salt , and pepper in a bowl . Line each muffin cup with a slice of bacon . Fill each cup with egg mixture and top off with Cheddar cheese . Bake in the preheated oven until eggs are set , to minutes . Allow to cool slightly before serving . 
Place strawberries , banana and yogurt in blender container . Pulse until fruit is well blended , scraping sides of container , if necessary . Add ice ; pulse until ice is well blended . Pour into glass and top with one serving ( tablespoons ) Reddi-wip . Serve immediately . 
Preheat oven to F . In large bowl , whisk together mustard , oil , salt and pepper until combined . Add potatoes and mushrooms and toss to coat . Spread potato mixture evenly onto lightly oiled or nonstick rimmed baking pans and roast in oven for minutes or until potatoes and mushrooms have started to brown , stirring halfway through cooking . Add any leftover bacon or ham to the mixture and stir . Add in roasted peppers to oven-safe serving casserole ( if desired ) and top with cheese . Bake for additional minutes or until cheese has softened and begun to melt . Top hash with eggs cooked to your preference and sliced basil . 
Blend flax seeds in a blender until finely ground ; add pepitas and blend until ground , about minute . Place mango , banana , water , ice cubes , and kale in the blender ; blend until smooth , kale is fully incorporated , and the smoothie is uniform in color , about minutes . Thin with more water to reach desired consistency . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place bacon in a large , deep skillet . Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown . Drain , crumble and set aside . Place crust in a inch glass pie plate . Sprinkle bacon inside of crust . In a small bowl , combine Cheddar cheese , Monterey jack cheese and flour . In a separate bowl , beat together eggs , cream , onion and green chiles . Add cheese mixture ; stir well . Pour mixture into pie crust . Bake in preheated oven for to minutes , until set . Let stand minutes before serving . 
Beat eggs in a bowl until smooth . Mix almond flour , tapioca flour , almond milk , vanilla extract , baking soda , baking powder , and salt into eggs until batter is just combined . Heat a lightly oiled griddle over medium-high heat or heat an electric frying pan . Drop batter by large spoonfuls onto the griddle and cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry , to minutes . Flip and cook until browned on the other side , to minutes . Repeat with remaining batter . 
Combine tomatoes , chile de arbol peppers , onion , garlic , chicken bouillon , and salt in a saucepan ; add enough water to cover . Bring to a boil ; reduce heat and cook , stirring occasionally , until tomatoes and peppers soften , to minutes . Transfer chile peppers to a blender using a slotted spoon ; blend until smooth . Pour in tomato mixture ; blend until smooth . Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat . Cook and stir corn tortillas in the hot oil until crispy , to minutes . Crack in eggs ; stir until scrambled and set , about minutes . Strain blended sauce over tortillas and eggs ; mix well . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Brush butter on the bottom and up the sides of two / ounce ramekins . Scoop in some sugar ; rotate ramekins to coat while pouring most of the sugar back into its container . Place ramekins on a shallow baking pan . Separate eggs between bowls . Add sugar , flour , / teaspoon salt , vanilla extract , lemon zest , cream cheese , and Cheddar cheese to the yolks . Mix the souffle base with a spatula until sugar and flour disappear . Sprinkle a pinch of salt over the room-temperature egg whites . Beat with a whisk until soft peaks form ; peaks should hold their shape but not be stiff or dry . Stir and fold / of the egg whites into the souffle base until combined . Gently fold the rest of the egg whites into the batter . Fill ramekins up to the lip with the batter . Bake in the preheated oven until puffed and browned , about minutes . Serve immediately . 
Spray a quart microwave-safe casserole dish with cooking spray . Beat eggs by hand in a bowl until slightly frothy ; add flour , sugar , sour cream , and salt . Beat until all ingredients are fully incorporated . Pour batter into prepared casserole dish ; sprinkle blueberries over batter . Microwave on high , turning dish around every minute , until center is set , to minutes . Divide onto plates and sprinkle with confectioners sugar . 
Stir oats , blueberries , milk , peanut butter , agave nectar , vanilla extract , and salt together in a microwave-safe bowl . Cook in microwave on high until the oats are softened , about seconds . Stir until the cooked blueberries have colored the mixture . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Press pie crust into a inch deep dish pie plate . Cover the edges of the crust with aluminum foil . Bake pie crust until lightly browned , about minutes . Set pie crust aside to cool . Increase oven heat to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Cook bacon in a large skillet over medium-high heat until crisp , about minutes . Drain the bacon slices on paper towels , while retaining drippings in the skillet . Stir zucchini , mushrooms , onion , and garlic into the reserved bacon drippings ; season with Italian seasoning , dill , parsley , garlic salt , and black pepper . Cook and stir the zucchini mixture until the zucchini is tender yet crisp , to minutes ; remove from heat . Chop the bacon and stir through the zucchini mixture . Sprinkle about half the mozzarella cheese into the bottom of the pie crust . Spoon zucchini mixture over the mozzarella cheese layer . Pour eggs over the zucchini mixture ; top with remaining mozzarella cheese . Sprinkle Parmesan cheese over the mozzarella cheese . Put pie plate onto a baking sheet . Bake in preheated oven until the top begins to brown , about minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil . Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm , about minutes ; drain . Meanwhile , place broccoli in a steamer over inch of boiling water , and cover . Cook until tender but still firm , about to minutes . Drain and set aside . Mash the potatoes with milk and salt . Brush a deep inch pie dish with olive oil and press the potatoes in . Brush with remaining olive oil . Bake in preheated oven for minutes or until lightly browned . Arrange onions , broccoli and cheese in the potato crust . Whisk together the eggs , milk , salt , pepper and nutmeg . Pour over broccoli and cheese . Bake in preheated oven for to minutes , until slightly puffed and cooked throughout . Allow to cool for minutes before serving . 
Mix aloe vera juice and oats together in a bowl ; set aside until oats have absorbed the liquid , about minutes . Blend oat mixture , spinach , kale , chard , banana , cucumber , blueberries , protein powder , cinnamon , and cayenne pepper together in a blender until smooth , about minutes . 
Place apples in a bowl and drizzle with lemon juice to keep from browning . Melt / cup butter in a large saucepan over medium heat ; remove from heat . Stir flour into melted butter until smooth . Return saucepan to low heat ; stir in brown sugar , white sugar , and water until sugars dissolve and mixture is smooth , to minutes . Increase heat to medium ; cook and stir mixture until boiling . Reduce heat to low and add apples . Simmer mixture until apples are cooked but slightly tender , to minutes . Preheat griddle to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Whisk eggs , milk , cinnamon , and vanilla extract together in a bowl . Dip bread slices into egg mixture until completely coated . Grease heated griddle with frozen butter . Cook dipped bread slices on the hot buttered griddle until browned , to minutes per side . Repeat with remaining frozen butter and dipped bread . Serve French toast with apple mixture ladled over top . 
Heat oil in a skillet over medium-high heat . Beat eggs and cream together in a bowl . Stir garlic , Cheddar cheese , curry powder , and cumin into egg mixture . Cook and stir egg mixture in the hot oil until eggs are set and scrambled , about minutes . 
Stir together the cottage cheese , chopped peaches , tablespoons white sugar , / teaspoon salt , and the almond extract in a bowl until evenly combined . Stir together the sour cream and brown sugar in a separate bowl . Refrigerate both fillings until ready to use . Whisk together the flour , tablespoon of white sugar , the baking powder , / teaspoon salt , and the nutmeg in a bowl . Beat the eggs , milk , butter , and vanilla extract in a separate bowl until smooth . Stir in the flour mixture until no lumps remain . Heat a lightly oiled griddle over medium-high heat . Drop batter by large spoonfuls onto the griddle to form silver dollar-sized blintzes . Cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry , about minutes . Flip , and cook until browned on the other side . Repeat with remaining batter . To assemble , spread tablespoon of peach filling on top of each blintz . Stack together blintzes to make a serving portion , and spoon the sweetened sour cream overtop . Garnish with peach slices . 
Grease an / x-inch baking dish with butter . Place the bread cubes in the baking dish . Break the sausage into small pieces into a large skillet over medium heat . Cook and stir sausage until completely browned , to minutes . Add green onions ; toss once and remove skillet from heat . Drain as much grease as possible from the skillet . Spread sausage and green onion mixture over bread cubes . Stir cream of mushroom soup and / cup milk together in a bowl ; pour over the layer of sausage in the baking dish . Whisk eggs and milk together in a bowl ; pour over the sausage . Top with Gruyere and Cheddar cheese . Cover the dish with aluminum foil and refrigerate hours to overnight . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Bake uncovered in preheated oven until the middle is set , about hour . 
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil . Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm , about minutes . Drain and cool . Mash potatoes and bread cubes together in a large bowl . Mix in egg , salt , cayenne , jalapeno , and cilantro . Shape potato mixture into patties and coat with bread crumbs . Heat oil in a large tall-sided skillet until almost smoking . Carefully slide cutlets into oil . Cook , turning once , until golden brown on both sides . Remove from heat and drain . Serve warm . 
In a large bowl , beat together the eggs and beer . Sift together the flour and salt , and mix in . Beat in oil . Allow to stand for hour . If batter is too thick , stir in a little milk . Heat a crepe pan over medium heat , and lightly coat with cooking spray . Pour on tablespoons batter , and quickly spread to the edges of pan . Cook until top appears dry , then turn , and cook for seconds . Set aside on paper towels and repeat cooking method until all batter is used . 
Heat olive oil and butter in a inch nonstick pan over medium heat and cook asparagus , stirring occasionally , until soft but still firm to the bite , to minutes . Beat eggs in a bowl until frothy . Stir in Parmesan cheese and milk ; season with salt and pepper . Pour egg mixture over asparagus and cook until eggs are set , to minutes . Invert frittata onto a plate and garnish with parsley . 
Combine banana , cucumbers , red bell pepper , grapefruit juice , and carrots in a blender ; blend until smooth . Fill a glass with ice and pour smoothie over ice . 
Whisk cocoa powder and sugar together in a bowl until well combined . Add flour , brown sugar , baking soda , baking powder , and salt ; continue whisking until evenly mixed . Make a well in the center of the bowl . Whisk buttermilk , eggs , vegetable oil , and vanilla extract together in a separate bowl . Pour into center of the well of the cocoa mixture ; mix until just blended . Heat a lightly oiled griddle over medium heat . Drop / cup batter onto the griddle and cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry , to minutes . Flip and cook until browned on the other side , to minutes . Repeat with remaining batter . 
Beat together egg , milk , cinnamon , vanilla and salt . Heat a lightly oiled skillet or griddle over medium heat . Soak bread slices in egg mixture for second on each side , or until thoroughly coated . Cook bread until both sides are lightly browned and crisp . Serve hot . 
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat . Add onion , celery , rosemary , red pepper flakes , salt , and pepper ; cook and stir with a wooden spoon or spatula until onion starts to turn translucent , about minutes . Stir in garlic and cook for minute . Push onion mixture to outer edges of the skillet and crack egg into the middle . Break yolk with the wooden spoon and stir in onion mixture . Add tomatoes ; cook and stir until egg is almost cooked , about minutes . Stir in feta cheese until slightly melted , about minute . Add spinach . Remove from heat and stir until slightly wilted , about seconds . 
Place beef slices in a mixing bowl . Sprinkle with asada seasoning and garlic powder ; toss in bowl to evenly coat . Let marinade minutes . Heat oil in a large , deep skillet over medium-high heat . Place beef strips in skillet and cook and stir until browned . Stir in bell pepper , onions , and jalapeno pepper . Add tomatoes and potatoes . Cook mixture until potatoes are tender , to minutes . Season with salt and pepper . Transfer mixture to a bowl . Melt tablespoon butter in the same skillet . Add the eggs , stirring occasionally , until eggs are scrambled and set . Transfer the beef mixture back to skillet . Cook and stir until warmed through , about minutes . Melt the remaining tablespoons butter in a small dish in microwave . Divide shredded cheese among tortillas ; divide beef and veggie mixture and place on the cheese . Fold in sides of tortilla and roll up . Brush with melted butter and place folded side down in pan to brown ; flip and brown on top side . Burrito should be warmed though . 
Layer avocado , mango , kale , banana , white beans , and water in a blender ; blend until smooth , adding more water for a thinner smoothie . 
Blend ice in a blender until crumbly ; add yogurt , milk , blueberries , and cinnamon . Blend until smooth . Taste smoothie and add desired amount of sugar ; blend . 
Place mango , banana , orange juice , and yogurt in a blender . Blend until smooth . Serve in clear glasses , and drink with a bendy straw ! 
Blend raspberries , cantaloupe , soy milk , and tofu together in a blender until smooth . 
Blend milk , avocado , ice , vanilla protein powder , and matcha green tea powder together in a blender until smooth . 
Heat butter in a skillet over medium-low heat . Gently crack eggs into pan and cook , undisturbed , just until whites turn opaque , about minutes . Season eggs with salt and cayenne pepper ; flip , taking care to not break yolks , and cook until set , about seconds . Cook chorizo in a skillet over medium-high heat until browned , about minutes . Arrange potato chips on a plate and lay eggs over top . Cover eggs and chips with chorizo and top with Cheddar cheese and oregano . 
Melt butter in a small saucepan over low heat , remove from heat and allow to cool to room temperature . Line a x inch baking dish with aluminum foil and spray pan lightly with cooking spray . Arrange bread slices in baking dish , either flat and tightly fit together , or standing at an angle and slightly overlapping if necessary . Whisk milk , eggs , maple syrup , molasses , cinnamon , allspice , ginger , nutmeg , cloves , and salt together in a bowl . Mix in melted butter . Pour milk and egg mixture over bread , turning to ensure slices are evenly moistened on both sides . Cover dish with aluminum foil and refrigerate at least hour or overnight . Preheat oven to degrees . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Remove baking dish from refrigerator , uncover , and baste bread slices with any excess liquid in the pan . Bake in preheated oven until slices are firm and golden brown , to minutes . Remove baking dish from oven and allow to rest for minutes . Dust with confectioners sugar and serve . 
Combine water , quinoa , cinnamon stick , and nutmeg in a saucepan ; bring to a boil . Reduce heat and simmer , covered , until water is absorbed and quinoa is tender , about minutes . Remove saucepan from heat and discard cinnamon stick . Mix apple , honey , and chia seeds into the quinoa . Let sit until flavors combine , about minutes . 
Pour cup coffee into an ice tray . Freeze until solid , to hours . Place coffee ice cubes in a tall glass ; add white chocolate syrup . Pour in cold coffee ; add coffee creamer . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Wrap tortillas in aluminum foil ; place in the preheated oven . Cook bacon in a skillet over medium heat until browned , about minutes . Remove bacon from skillet . Cook and stir refried beans in bacon grease until heated through , about minute . Cover beans and remove from heat . Whisk together eggs and egg whites in a bowl until uniform , about minute . Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat , add egg mixture . Cook and stir until almost solid , about minutes ; stir in Cheddar cheese and remove from heat . Top each warm tortilla with tablespoons of refried beans , bacon strips , half of the eggs , tablespoon of salsa , and tablespoon of sour cream . Roll tortillas into burritos . 
Combine oats , quinoa , raisins , walnuts , almond meal , flaxseed meal , coconut , apple , and cinnamon in a pot ; add water . Bring mixture to a boil , stirring regularly ; reduce heat and simmer until oats are tender and liquid is absorbed , about minutes . 
Mix egg whites and paprika together in a bowl . Heat olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat . Pour in egg white mixture ; cook for minute . Place basil leaves over egg whites . Cook until egg white starts to firm up , about minute . Spread avocado on top and sprinkle with feta cheese . Cook for minutes more . Fold in half to form the omelet . 
Combine cream cheese , eggs , sugar , and cinnamon in a blender ; blend until smooth . Let rest minutes or lightly tap on counter to remove bubbles . Heat a skillet over medium heat and grease with cooking spray . Pour / of the batter into the skillet ; cook until bubbles start to form , about minutes . Flip and cook until cooked through , about minute . Transfer to a clean plate . Repeat with remaining batter . 
Heat a greased griddle until drops of water sprinkled on it evaporate noisily . Stir baking mix , water , Cheddar cheese , and pesto together in a bowl to form a batter ; adjust amount of baking mix and water according to your preference . Pour / cup batter onto the griddle . Cook until bubbles begin to form on top , to minutes ; turn and cook second side to a golden brown color , another to minutes . Repeat until all batter is used . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Heat tablespoons of olive oil over medium heat in an oven-safe skillet , and cook and stir the onion and garlic until translucent , about minutes . Stir in the green peppers , and cook and stir until they have begun to soften , more minutes . Pour the eggs over the vegetables , and stir in the basil , rosemary , salt , and pepper . Reduce the heat to medium-low , let the eggs sit over the heat until they have started to set , about minutes . Transfer the skillet to the preheated oven and cook the frittata until fully set , about minutes . While the frittata is baking , heat cup of olive oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Deep-fry the sweet potato slices , a layer at a time , until golden brown and crisp , about minutes . Remove with a slotted spoon , and drain on paper towels . Top baked frittata with the fried sweet potato slices to serve . 
Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat , turning occasionally , until evenly browned , about minutes . Drain bacon slices on paper towels . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Scatter about / of the butter pats onto the bottom of a x-inch baking dish and arrange slices of bread in a single layer , overlapping as necessary , on top of the butter . Top bread slices with bacon slices . Sprinkle / teaspoons cinnamon , / teaspoons white sugar , and / teaspoons brown sugar , and nutmeg over bacon slices . Scatter / of the butter pats over bacon and top with remaining bread slices . Whisk milk , eggs , remaining cinnamon , remaining white sugar , remaining brown sugar , and vanilla extract together in a bowl . Pour over bread mixture into baking dish . Scatter remaining butter pats over the top . Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown and set , to minutes . Cool for minutes before serving . 
Blend water , blueberries , grapes , apple , strawberries , ginger , and agave nectar together in a blender until thick and slushy . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line baking sheets with silicone baking mats or parchment paper . Combine oats , pumpkin seeds , sunflower seeds , and salt together in a bowl . Add maple syrup and oil ; stir until evenly coated . Spread oat mixture onto the prepared baking sheets . Bake in the preheated oven for minutes . Remove baking sheets from oven , stir granola , return to oven , and cook until lightly browned , about minutes more . Cool granola on the baking sheets for minutes . Mix cranberries , almonds , and coconut into granola ; store in an air-tight container . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place egg white of egg into a small bowl and whisk with water until foamy . Set the egg yolk aside in a large bowl . Fit pie crust into a inch pie dish . Brush egg white mixture over the edges and inside of crust . Poke holes into the inside and up the sides of the crust with a fork . Bake crust in the preheated oven until the egg white glaze cooks onto the crust , about minutes . Pour any remaining egg white mixture into the large bowl with the yolk ; whisk in more eggs and milk until thoroughly combined . Set egg mixture aside . Heat canola oil in a large skillet over medium heat ; cook and stir mushrooms and onion until the mushrooms liquid has evaporated , to minutes . Season with salt and black pepper . Turn off heat and stir spinach into hot mushrooms to wilt . Mix in tarragon , paprika , and cayenne pepper . Gently stir mushroom-spinach mixture into eggs and milk . Fold / cup of white Cheddar cheese into the filling . Pour mushroom-spinach filling into the prebaked pie crust and arrange slices of zucchini in a decorative pattern on top of the filling . Top with / cup white Cheddar cheese in an even layer . Place the quiche onto a baking sheet and bake in the oven until top is lightly browned and a knife inserted into the middle of the quiche comes out clean , to minutes . Allow quiche to cool on the hot baking sheet for minutes before removing to finish cooling on a wire rack until serving temperature , to more minutes . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a baking sheet with parchment paper . Mix pumpkin seeds , oats , pumpkin puree , maple-flavored syrup , coconut , butter , pumpkin pie spice , cinnamon , and salt together in a bowl until well combined . Spread mixture evenly over the prepared baking sheet . Bake in the preheated oven , stirring every minutes , until desired crispness is reached , to minutes . 
Whisk egg whites and eggs together in a large bowl . Heat teaspoon oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat . Cook and stir hash browns until browned and crispy , about minutes . Transfer hash browns to a large bowl . Heat teaspoon oil in the same frying pan over medium heat . Add turkey , onion , and ham . Cook and stir until turkey is crumbly and onion softens , about minutes . Add eggs ; stir until scrambled and set , to minutes . Add cheese and let melt , about minutes . Pour mixture into the bowl with the hash browns . Mix everything together . Plate tortillas . Add about tablespoons of filling to each tortilla . Fold opposing edges of a tortilla to overlap the filling . Roll of the opposing edges around the filling , creating a burrito . Repeat for remaining tortillas . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Melt butter in a medium iron skillet over medium heat ; stir in onion . Cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent , about minutes . Add zucchini and cook until tender , about minutes . Season with salt and black pepper . Whisk eggs , cream , and nutmeg in a bowl . Pour over zucchini mixture and sprinkle with Gouda cheese . Place iron skillet in the preheated oven and bake until golden and set , to minutes . 
Combine kefir , blueberries , banana , almond butter , and honey in a blender . Process until smooth . 
Place all ingredients in a powerful blender ; blend until smooth . 
Combine quinoa flour , tapioca flour , ground flax seeds , baking powder , potato flour , potato starch , salt , baking soda , and xanthan gum in a large bowl . Whisk water and egg together in a separate bowl . Pour over quinoa flour mixture ; mix until batter is well blended . Mix in tablespoons oil . Heat teaspoon grapeseed oil in a skillet over medium heat . Drop / cup batter into the skillet and cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry , to minutes . Flip and cook until browned on the other side , to minutes . Repeat with remaining batter . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Prepare the mushrooms by snipping off the stems . Cut in half if large . Crumble the sausage in a large skillet , add the mushrooms , cook on medium-high heat until the meat and mushrooms are lightly browned and all the liquid from the mushrooms has evaporated . Drain off the grease . Add the parsley . In a large bowl , beat the eggs , adding the cream , cheese and salt . Pour into the mushroom / sausage mixture ; blending well . Pour mixture into the pie shell . Bake in preheated oven for to minutes , until crust is well browned and the filling is set . Let stand minutes before serving . 
In a large mixing bowl combine oats , wheat germ , wheat bran , oat bran , dried fruit , nuts , sugar , and seeds . Mix well . Store muesli in an airtight container . It keeps for months at room temperature . 
Grease and flour two x inch loaf pans . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In one bowl , whisk together flour , soda , salt , and sugar . Mix in slightly beaten eggs , melted butter , and mashed bananas . Stir in nuts if desired . Pour into prepared pans . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for hour , or until a wooden toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a cookie sheet with sides , or a large cake pan with cooking spray . In a large bowl , toss together the oats , almonds , wheat germ , coconut , and sunflower seeds . In a separate bowl , whisk together the maple syrup , brown sugar , oil , water and salt . Pour the liquid over the oat and nut mixture , and stir until evenly coated . Spread out on the prepared cookie sheet . If you want some chunky bits , squeeze some small handfuls into little clumps . Bake for hour and minutes in the preheated oven , stirring occasionally until evenly toasted . Mix in raisins . Cool , and store in an airtight container at room temperature . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a half-casserole baking dish or deep-dish pie plate . Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat . Cook and stir sausage in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly , to minutes ; drain and discard grease . Stir hash browns , cooked sausage , Cheddar cheese , / teaspoon salt , and black pepper together in a large bowl . Whisk milk , eggs , and remaining salt together in another bowl . Pour hash brown mixture into prepared baking dish ; pour egg mixture evenly over hash brown mixture . Bake in the preheated oven until bubbling and golden , about minutes . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease three x inch loaf pans . In a small bowl , stir together the persimmon pulp and baking soda . Let stand minutes to thicken the pulp . In a medium bowl , combine sugar , oil , eggs , cinnamon , nutmeg , and salt . Blend until smooth . Mix in persimmon pulp and water alternately with flour . Fold in nuts . Divide batter into the prepared pans , filling each pan / full . Bake for hour in the preheated oven , or until a toothpick inserted comes out clean . Cool in pan for minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a x inch baking dish . In a large skillet or frying pan , heat oil over medium high heat . Add zucchini , mushrooms , onion , green pepper and garlic ; saute until tender . Remove from heat and let cool slightly . In a large bowl , beat together the eggs and cream . Stir in cream cheese , cheddar cheese , bread cubes and sauteed vegetables . Season with salt and pepper . Mix well and pour into prepared baking dish . Bake in preheated oven for one hour , or until center is set . Serve hot or cold . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a x-inch baking dish . Arrange hash brown patties on the prepared baking dish . Sprinkle Cheddar cheese and ham over patties . Beat eggs , milk , salt , and mustard in a large bowl using a whisk ; pour over ham . Cover baking dish with aluminum foil . Bake in the preheated oven for hour . Remove foil and bake until edges are golden brown and a knife inserted in the center comes out clean , about minutes more . 
Stir together apricot nectar , pineapple juice , water , and orange juice concentrate in a large pitcher until combined . Pour in bottle of sparkling wine just before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a x-inch loaf pan . Mash bananas in a bowl with a fork . Place remaining bananas in a separate bowl with cup sugar and beat the bananas and sugar with an electric mixer until creamed and fluffy , minutes . Beat in melted butter , eggs , sour cream , and vanilla extract until thoroughly combined . Whisk flour , baking powder , and salt together in a bowl and stir the flour mixture into banana-sugar mixture . Fold in mashed bananas and walnuts . Pour batter into prepared loaf pan and tap the pan on the counter several times to remove any air pockets . Stir teaspoons sugar with cinnamon in a small bowl and sprinkle the cinnamon sugar over the top of the loaf . Bake in the preheated oven until bread is golden brown on top and set in the center , hour and minutes ; rotate bread pan in oven halfway through baking . Cool in the pan for minutes before removing to finish cooling on a wire rack . 
Refrigerate coffee until cool , about minutes . Chill four glasses , if desired . Stir vanilla extract and sugar in the boiling water until dissolved . Refrigerate until cool , about minutes . Divide the ice and chilled coffee evenly between the four glasses . Stir in cream and sugar mixture , to taste . 
Set a nonstick skillet over medium heat . In a medium bowl , stir together the pancake mix and flax seed meal . In a separate bowl or measuring cup , whisk together the milk and eggs . Pour the liquid into the dry ingredients , and stir just until moistened . Spoon / cupfuls of batter onto the hot skillet . Sprinkle with as many blueberries as desired . Cook until bubbles appear on the surface , then flip and cook until browned on the other side . 
Preheat a griddle to medium heat . Whisk flour , baking powder , sugar , and salt together in a mixing bowl . Combine milk , banana , peanut butter , egg , canola oil , and vanilla extract in a separate bowl ; pour into the flour mixture and whisk together until thoroughly mixed . Ladle batter in / cup portions onto hot griddle . Cook until tiny air bubbles form on top , to minutes ; flip and continue cooking until the bottoms are browned , to minutes . Repeat with remaining batter . Keep finished pancakes warm . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a baking sheet . Unroll each tube of crescent dough , but do not separate rectangles . Place side-by-side on prepared baking sheet with long sides touching ; press and seal seams and perforations . Arrange ham lengthwise down center third of rectangle . Beat cream cheese and milk in a bowl . Separate one egg , placing egg white aside . Stir egg yolk , remaining eggs , salt , and pepper into cream cheese mixture ; fold in red pepper and onion . Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat ; pour egg mixture into skillet and cook until just set , about minutes . Remove from heat and spoon eggs over ham ; sprinkle with Cheddar cheese . Cut inch-wide strips towards the center to within / inch of filling on each long side of dough . Starting at one end , fold alternating strips at an angle across filling ; pinch ends to seal and tuck under . Beat reserved egg white and brush over dough . Bake in preheated oven until golden , to minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease one x inch loaf pan . Measure flour , cup sugar , baking powder , baking soda , / teaspoons cinnamon , salt , buttermilk , oil , eggs and vanilla into large mixing bowl . Beat minutes . Pour into prepared loaf pan . Smooth top . Combine tablespoons white sugar , teaspoon cinnamon and butter , mixing until crumbly . Sprinkle topping over smoothed batter . Using knife , cut in a light swirling motion to give a marbled effect . Bake for about minutes . Test with toothpick . When inserted it should come out clean . Remove bread from pan to rack to cool . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Prepare a x inch baking dish with the melted butter . Whisk together the eggs , pepperjack cheese , cottage cheese , flour , and salt in a large bowl . Pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish . Bake in the preheated oven until eggs are completely set , about hour . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil . Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm , about minutes . Drain , cool , peel and slice . Place eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water . Bring water to a boil and immediately remove from heat . Cover and let eggs stand in hot water for to minutes . Remove from hot water , cool , peel and slice . In a x inch casserole dish layer potatoes and eggs , sprinkling each layer of eggs with seasoning salt , ending with potatoes . In a small saucepan over low heat , melt margarine with sour cream . Pour over potatoes and sprinkle lightly with seasoning salt . Bake in preheated oven for minutes . 
Heat a non-stick skillet over medium heat . Place bell pepper ring in the hot skillet . Crack egg into bell pepper ring ; cook until bottom holds together and corners are browned , to minutes . Flip and cook until desired doneness is reached , to minutes more ; season with salt and ground black pepper . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place ounces of cubed Cheddar cheese , onion , eggs , and evaporated milk into a blender . Season with salt , pepper , garlic powder , parsley , and sage , then blend until smooth . Spread salmon over the pie crust . Sprinkle / cup of shredded Cheddar cheese then pour the egg mixture on top . Top with the remaining / cup of shredded Cheddar cheese . Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean , about minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Press the pie crust into a inch pie plate ; set aside . Place broccoli in a glass bowl . Cover bowl with plastic wrap . Cook broccoli in microwave in minute intervals until evenly heated through , about minutes total ; set aside . Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat . Saute onion and garlic in melted butter until slightly translucent , about minutes . Stir ham and broccoli into the onion mixture and transfer to the pie crust . Beat Cheddar cheese , milk , eggs , and black pepper together in a bowl ; pour over the ham mixture . Sprinkle paprika over the entire quiche . Bake in the preheated oven until a knife inserted into the center of the quiche comes out clean , to minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Press pie pasty into the bottom of a inch pie plate . Bake pie crust in preheated oven for minutes , use a fork to poke holes into the crust , and continue cooking until lightly browned , about minutes more . Reduce oven heat to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Mix / cup Cheddar cheese , Swiss cheese , and tablespoon flour in a bowl ; spread over the warm pie crust . Stir ham and honey mustard together in a bowl to coat the ham completely ; spoon over the cheese mixture . Mix half-and-half , eggs , green onions , tablespoon flour , and salt together in bowl . Pour mixture carefully over the ham layer ; top with remaining Cheddar cheese . Bake in preheated oven until set in the center , to minutes . Cool for minutes before cutting . 
In a large bowl , mix together the milk , egg yolks and vanilla . Stir in the flour , sugar , salt and melted butter until well blended . Heat a crepe pan over medium heat until hot . Coat with vegetable oil or cooking spray . Pour about / cup of batter into the pan and tip to spread the batter to the edges . When bubbles form on the top and the edges are dry , flip over and cook until lightly browned on the other side and edges are golden . Repeat with remaining batter . Fill crepes with your favorite fruit , cream , caramel or even ice cream or cheese to serve . 
Combine baking soda with the boiling water . Soak the dates in the water and baking soda solution for minutes . Cream sugar and butter together . Add eggs , vanilla , dates , nuts , flour , and salt . Divide batter equally between two x ( or / x / ) inch greased loaf pans . Bake hour at degrees F ( degrees C ) ( or until loaf tests done ) . Can be frozen when cool . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Heat butter in a large skillet over medium heat . Saute green onion and red bell pepper until soft . Stir in crabmeat , and season with salt and pepper . Add wine , and cook for minute . Remove from heat , and allow to cool . In a large bowl , beat eggs until light . Whisk in half-and-half , and crab mixture . Pour into pie crust , and sprinkle with Swiss cheese . Bake in preheated oven for to minutes , or until puffed and golden brown . 
In a blender , combine milk , instant breakfast mix , peanut butter , bananas and ice . Blend until smooth , about seconds . Serve immediately . 
Place pancake mix into a medium bowl , and stir in apple cider . Apple cider may be adjusted to achieve the desired thickness . Stir in cinnamon , nutmeg , brown sugar and vanilla . Mix in walnuts if using . Heat a large skillet over medium heat , and spray with cooking spray . Use about / cup of batter per pancake . Cook to pancakes at a time . Turn over when bubbles appear in the center , and cook until golden on the other side . Serve immediately with pats of butter and maple syrup . 
Sift the flour , sugar , baking powder , and salt into a large bowl . Whisk the water and oil together in a small bowl . Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients , and pour in the wet . Stir just until blended ; mixture will be lumpy . Heat a lightly oiled griddle over medium-high heat . Drop batter by large spoonfuls onto the griddle , and cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry . Flip , and cook until browned on the other side . Repeat with remaining batter . 
In a medium saucepan , combine water , brown sugar , cinnamon , and syrup . Heat mixture to a boil . When water is at a boil , reduce heat and add in oats . Cook for about minutes , or until all water is soaked by the oats . Remove from heat , stir in apples and raisins and serve . 
Beat egg in a medium size mixing bowl . Mix egg and onion with mashed potatoes . Add salt and pepper . Heat olive oil in a medium size frying pan , over a medium heat . Scoop the potato mixutre into the frying pan in inch circles , pat with a spatula to flatten the mounds to approximately / to inch thick . Cook until bottom is browned . Flip the patty over and brown on the other side . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a inch round cake pan . Combine the rice flour , tapioca flour , sugar , baking soda , baking powder , and salt in a large bowl . In a separate bowl , whisk together egg and buttermilk . Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and pour in the wet . Stir just until the dry ingredients are moistened . Pour into the cake pan . Bake for minutes in the preheated oven , or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean . Cool on a wire rack , for minutes before removing from the pan . Wrap bread in plastic wrap or aluminum foil and let stand overnight for the best flavor . 
Combine water , applesauce , oats , carrots , pineapple , raisins , sweetener , cinnamon , pumpkin pie spice , and salt in the crock of a quart or larger slow cooker . Cook on Low for hours . 
Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat . In a large bowl , combine flour , sugar , baking powder and salt . Stir in egg , buttermilk and oil until mixture is smooth . Pour the batter by spoonfuls into the hot pan , forming inch circles . When the edges appear to harden , flip the pancakes . Cook on both sides until golden brown . Serve hot . 
In a pot , cover potatoes with water and bring to a boil over high heat . Simmer on medium-high heat until the center of the potatoes are tender when pricked with a fork , about minutes . Turn off heat . Drain , return potatoes to pot and allow to completely dry out over remaining heat . Mash with a potato masher until smooth . Place warm mashed potato in medium bowl . Stir in flour , salt and melted butter . Mix lightly until dough forms . On a well floured surface , knead the dough lightly . The dough will be sticky . Use a floured rolling pin to flatten into a inch circle about / inch thick . Cut into quarters using a floured knife . Sprinkle a little flour into the base of the skillet and cook the farls for minutes on each side or until evenly browned . Season with a little salt and serve straight away . 
Place bananas , milk , peanut butter , honey , and ice cubes in a blender ; blend until smooth , about seconds . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line pie pan with pie crust , and place a double layer of aluminum foil over the crust . Bake in the preheated oven for minutes , and then remove foil . Continue baking until crust begins to set , about to minutes ; remove from oven . Reduce oven temperature to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a mixing bowl , beat eggs with milk and flour . Stir in onion , mushrooms , spinach , broccoli , and feta cheese . Season with salt and pepper . Pour mixture into hot crust . Bake quiche at degrees F ( degrees C ) for minutes to one hour . Quiche is done when knife inserted in center comes out clean . Cover edges of crust with foil if crusts begin to brown too quickly . 
Mix flour , walnuts , sugar , baking powder , nutmeg , cinnamon , baking soda , and salt in a large bowl ; make a well in the center . Whisk almond milk , bananas , melted butter , and vanilla extract together in a separate bowl until smooth . Whisk in egg . Pour mixture into the well in the flour mixture ; stir until just combined . Heat a lightly oiled skillet over medium-high heat . Drop / cup batter into the skillet ; tilt gently to spread batter evenly . Cook until bubbles form and the edges are firm , to minutes . Flip and cook until browned on the other side , to minutes more . Repeat with remaining batter . 
Fill a large tumbler with ice cubes . Pour in the vodka , then drop in the olives and the olive brine . Season with celery salt , pepper , Worcestershire sauce and hot pepper sauce . Fill the remainder of the glass with tomato and clam juice cocktail . Stir with the celery stalk and leave it in as a garnish . Sprinkle with a little bit of celery salt before serving . 
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat . Cook and stir red pepper and onion in hot oil until tender , about minutes . Beat eggs and milk together in a bowl until smooth ; add spinach , ham , mozzarella cheese , feta cheese , salt , and black pepper . Gently stir to mix evenly ; pour into the skillet . Place a cover on the skillet and cook until the egg mixture is completely set in the center , to minutes . Cut into wedges to serve . 
In a large bowl , stir together the flour , baking powder , salt and cinnamon . Pour in the milk , eggs and oil ; stir just until smooth . Mix in the apple . Heat a large skillet or griddle over medium heat . Coat with cooking spray . Drop batter by large spoonfuls onto the griddle and cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry . Flip and cook until browned on the other side . To make the glaze , heat the butter in a heavy saucepan over medium heat . Stir in the molasses , brown sugar and vanilla . Serve warm spooned over pancakes . 
Combine oats , flour , baking soda , sugar , and salt in a large bowl . Set bowl aside . In a separate bowl , whisk together the skim milk , eggs , peanut butter , and melted butter . Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and stir in the wet ingredients , being careful not to over mix the batter . Heat a large skillet over medium heat , and coat with cooking spray . Pour / cupfuls of batter onto the skillet , and cook until bubbles appear on the surface . Flip with a spatula , and cook until browned on the other side , about minutes per side . Serve with strawberry jam . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a medium bowl , beat together eggs , mayonnaise , flour , and milk until thoroughly blended . Stir in crab , cheese , and onion . Spread into pie shell . Bake for to minutes , or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean . 
In a medium bowl , mix the butter , molasses and egg substitute with an electric mixer until smooth . In a separate bowl , stir together the Kamut flour , whole wheat flour , baking powder , baking soda , salt , ginger , cinnamon and cloves . Stir the dry ingredients into the molasses mixture alternating with the water , beginning and ending with the flour , stir just until blended . Preheat the waffle iron , and coat with cooking spray . Spoon the desired amount of batter onto the hot iron , and cook until steam stops coming out , and waffles dont stick to the iron . Continue with remaining batter . 
Preheat griddle to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Mix whole wheat flour , almond meal , oats , baking powder , and salt in a bowl . Beat an egg in a separate bowl . Beat milk , banana , and canola oil into the beaten egg ; pour into flour mixture and stir until just combined into a lumpy batter . Pour batter / cupful at a time onto the hot griddle ; cook until edges become crisp and bubbles have formed on the top , to minutes . Flip the pancakes and continue cooking until the bottom of the pancakes are browned , to minutes more . 
Preheat a lightly oiled griddle over medium heat . In a large bowl , sift together flour , sugar , baking powder , baking soda , and salt . In a small bowl , beat together egg , orange juice , buttermilk , and canola oil . Whisk into the flour mixture . Stir in pineapple . Pour batter about / cup at a time onto the prepared griddle . Cook to minutes , until bubbly . Flip , and continue cooking until lightly browned . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Generously spray muffin cups with cooking spray . Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat ; add bacon . Cook gently until bacon begins to curl , to minutes . Add onion , garlic , and chard leaves ; cook and stir until chard has wilted , stirring occasionally , to minutes . Transfer chard mixture to a large bowl ; stir in zucchini , eggs , salt , and black pepper . Add flour and baking powder ; mix until flour is evenly distributed and moistened . Stir in Swiss cheese . Spoon batter into prepared muffin tin . Bake in the preheated oven until edges of muffin turn golden brown , about minutes . 
Place potatoes in a saucepan and add enough water to cover . Bring to a boil , and cook until just starting to be tender , about minutes . Drain and place under cool running water to cool , then drain and pat dry . Grate into a large bowl . Separate the potato shreds into two sections , and place each one on a square of waxed paper . Pat each section into a inch circle . Place bacon in a skillet over medium-high heat . Fry until evenly browned , then set aside to drain on paper towels . In a nonstick skillet over low heat , cook eggs until lightly scrambled . Eggs need to stay slightly wet . Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat . While the oil heats , place the egg , bacon strips and cheese in even layers on top of one of the potato circles . Place the other circle on the top , using the waxed paper to pick it up . Place the whole hash-brown sandwich into the skillet , and fry until nicely browned on both sides , about minutes per side . Cut into wedges , and serve hot . 
In x inch microwave-safe cake dish , melt the margarine and / cup cocoa together . Stir in the eggs . Mix in the cups sugar , flour , nuts and vanilla . Bake in microwave oven on high , for minutes , rotating dish after minutes . Remove from microwave and sprinkle marshmallows on top . To make the frosting : In microwave-safe bowl , combine confectioners sugar , cocoa , and milk . Cook in microwave for minutes , stir and pour over cake . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Blend the sugar and the cream . Stir in the flour , almonds and orange peel . Drop by teaspoonfuls onto a heavily creased and floured cookie sheet . Spread mixture into thin circles with a spatula . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) just until the edges are light brown about to minutes . Let cool a few minutes before removing from the cookie sheet , cool . Chop the chocolate up into small pieces . Melt chocolate over low heat or in the microwave on medium for about minutes . Turn the cooled cookies upside down and spread the bottoms with the melted chocolate . Let cookies stand at room temperature until chocolate is firm , at least hours . Store in a covered container at room temperature or refrigerate . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a mixing bowl , blend together the pumpkin , evaporated milk , butter , eggs and vanilla . In a separate bowl , whisk together the cinnamon , nutmeg , allspice , salt , molasses and baking mix . Add to the pumpkin mixture and mix thoroughly . Pour filling into unbaked pie crust and bake for minutes or until knife inserted comes out clean . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour two inch round cake pans . Make pudding according to package directions using the milk . Set aside tablespoons of pudding and place the rest in the refrigerator . When chilled , pull the pudding out of the refrigerator , and stir in the pineapple . In a large bowl , cream together the shortening and sugar , continue to mix with an electric mixer on medium speed for minutes . Stir in the reserved tablespoons of vanilla pudding . Beat in the eggs one at a time , mixing well after each addition . In another bowl , sift together cake flour , baking powder , and salt . Add these dry ingredients to the creamed mixture alternately with cup milk , blending well after each addition . Divide the batter evenly between the prepared pans . Bake for approximately to minutes , or until the top springs back when lightly pressed . Set the pans on a wire rack to cool . Remove the layers from the pans . Once the cake layers have thoroughly cooled , spread the pudding mixture on top of one of the layers ( spread mixture to desired thickness there may be some left over ) . Place the second layer on top of the filling . Frost the cake with the whipped topping . Refrigerate the cake until serving time . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a saucepan over medium heat combine the water and the white sugar , boil until mixture spins a thread approximately degrees F ( degrees C ) . Beat egg whites , salt and cream of tartar in the bowl of a stand mixer until light and fluffy but not stiff . Add hot syrup slowly to egg whites , beating until cool , about minutes . Beat egg yolks until thick and lemon-colored . Fold / cup of the egg whites into the beaten egg yolks to lighten . Sift cup flour over the egg whites and gently fold in . Add almond flavoring . Sift remaining flour over egg yolks and fold in orange flavoring . Spoon egg white batter and egg yolk batter alternately into one ungreased inch tube pan . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for hour . Once cool frost with yellow tinted Seven Minute Frosting . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Mix apples and cranberries in an inch square baking dish . Mix oats , brown sugar , and cinnamon in a bowl ; stir in applesauce and soy milk until clumps form . Spoon oat mixture over apple mixture , pressing down slightly . Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned and bubbling , about minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line baking sheets with parchment paper . Melt cup butter in a saucepan over medium heat . Stir brown sugar , corn syrup , and salt into melted butter ; bring to a boil , stirring constantly , reduce heat to low , and simmer caramel sauce without stirring until slightly thickened , about minutes . Remove from heat and stir / cup coconut , peanuts , tablespoons almonds , vanilla extract , baking soda , cinnamon , nutmeg , and allspice into caramel . Heat tablespoons coconut oil , tablespoon butter , and vegetable oil together in a large pot over high heat . Pour popcorn into hot oil , cover the pot with a lid , and shake pot constantly over heat until all popcorn is popped , to minutes . Pour caramel sauce over hot popcorn and quickly stir to coat . Turn popcorn out onto prepared baking sheets . Sprinkle / cup coconut and remaining tablespoons almonds over popcorn . Bake in the preheated oven for minutes . Set oven rack about inches from the heat source and preheat the ovens broiler . Broil popcorn until coconut and popcorn are lightly toasted , about seconds . Melt chocolate chips , tablespoon coconut oil , and shortening together in a saucepan until all are melted and the chocolate sauce is thin and pourable . Drizzle chocolate sauce and sprinkle remaining / cup coconut over popcorn ; dust with confectioners sugar . Lift parchment paper off of the baking sheets and transfer popcorn to the refrigerator to cool completely , about minutes . Break into palm-sized chunks and store in airtight containers . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Sift together the / cups flour , baking soda , baking powder and salt . Set aside . In small saucepan , melt ounces white chocolate and hot water over low heat . Stir until smooth , and allow to cool to room temperature . In a large bowl , cream cup butter and / cup sugar until light and fluffy . Add eggs one at a time , beating well with each addition . Stir in flour mixture alternately with buttermilk . Mix in melted white chocolate . Pour batter into two inch round cake pans . Bake for to minutes in the preheated oven , until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean . To make Frosting : In a medium bowl , combine ounces white chocolate , / tablespoons flour and cup milk . Cook over medium heat , stirring constantly , until mixture is very thick . Cool completely . In large bowl , cream cup butter , cup sugar and teaspoon vanilla ; beat until light and fluffy . Gradually add cooled white chocolate mixture . Beat at high speed until it is the consistency of whipped cream . Spread between layers , on top and sides of cake . 
Combine / cup flour , tablespoons sugar , and salt in a large bowl . Cut in butter using knives or a pastry cutter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs . Mix water and vanilla extract together in a small bowl . Stir into flour mixture , tablespoon at a time , until dough comes together . Gently roll into a ball and flatten slightly . Wrap with plastic wrap and chill until firm , about minutes . Toss apples with / cup sugar and tablespoons flour in a large bowl . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a baking sheet with parchment paper . Roll dough out to a inch circle on a floured work surface . Transfer to the baking sheet . Arrange apple slices in the center of the circle , leaving a inch border all around . Fold up border over apples , pinching together slightly . Combine tablespoon sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl . Sprinkle over apples . Bake crostata in the preheated oven until crust is golden brown , to minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a inch springform pan with cooking spray . Mix flour and baking soda together in a bowl . Beat butter , brown sugar , pudding mix , white sugar , and vanilla extract together in a large bowl with an electric mixer . Beat in eggs . Stir in flour mixture gradually . Fold chocolate chips and walnuts into the batter . Pour batter into the springform pan . Bake in the preheated oven until light golden brown on top , about minutes . Cool before cutting , about minutes . 
Place the oven rack in the center position . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Beat sugar and margarine together in a bowl using an electric mixer on medium speed until creamy and smooth . Beat in eggs , at a time , on high speed until incorporated . Mix in vanilla extract . Mix flour , baking powder , and salt together in a separate bowl . Stir flour mixture , alternating with milk and ending with flour mixture , until just incorporated . Spoon batter into each ice cream cone , filling to within / inch from the top . Set filled cones on a baking sheet . Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean , to minutes . 
In a saucepan over medium heat , combine the sugar , corn syrup , butter and water . Stir and heat to hard-crack stage or degrees F ( degrees C ) . Remove from heat , add vanilla or vinegar ; mix well . Pour slowly over popped popcorn while stirring . Wait minutes and shape into inch round balls . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a cup muffin pan with paper liners . Mix almond meal and butter together in a bowl . Spoon into bottoms of the paper liners ; press down to form a flat crust . Stir cream cheese and sweetener together in a bowl just until smooth . Mix in whipping cream and water . Add eggs one at a time , whisking well after each addition . Stir in sour cream , almond flour , and vanilla extract . Spoon into paper liners . Bake in the preheated oven until cream cheese mixture is almost set in the middle , to minutes . Be careful not to overcook . Let cool at room temperature ; refrigerate hours to overnight . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line muffin cups with paper liners . Place graham crackers in a resealable plastic bag and crush into fine crumbs with a rolling pin . Pour into a bowl . Add butter and brown sugar ; toss together until mixture resembles wet sand . Place tablespoon in the bottom of each paper liner . Press firmly to form the crusts . Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned on the edges , to minutes . Remove from the oven and let cool . Meanwhile , beat cream cheese and confectioners sugar until well blended . Scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat in eggs , one at a time . Scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat in sour cream and vanilla extract . Divide the mixture evenly over the crusts . Bake in the preheated oven until tops look dry and centers jiggle slightly , about minutes . Chill until firm , hours to overnight . Heat cream in the microwave until it begins to simmer , about minute . Add chocolate chips and let sit until softened , about minute . Whisk until chocolate melts and ganache is glossy . Spoon chocolate ganache over each cheesecake and place a whole strawberry on the top . 
Short dough : Cream butter and sugar , beat in salt then egg yolks , one at a time . Work flour in , wrap and chill minutes . To make filling : Cream butter and beat in almond paste gradually . Add eggs , then beat until very smooth . Stir in lemon zest and flour . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Butter the top and sides of an inch springform pan . Roll chilled dough into a circle or inches in diameter . Press the pastry into the bottom and up the sides of the pan without stretching the dough . Trim any excess extending above top of pan . Pour filling into dough and spread evenly . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for to minutes . Cool minutes in pan then remove sides of pan . Cool to room temperature and sprinkle with confectioners sugar before serving . 
Combine water , milk , and raisins in a saucepan . Boil . Slowly stir in oats , honey ( to taste ) , and cinnamon . Turn down heat and cook for about minutes . When oatmeal is a lot less sticky , pour into bowl . Spray cookie sheet with cooking spray . Take small handfuls of the oatmeal ( this is very messy ) and kneed into balls . Place on cookie sheet . Poke small holes in each ball and fill with honey . Close with extra oatmeal . Place cookie sheet in oven and bake for about minutes at degrees F ( degrees C ) . 
Beat shortening ( or butter ) and sugar until light and fluffy . Beat in molasses , egg and tablespoons of flour . Sift together remaining flour and other dry ingredients . Mix together the vinegar , water and buttermilk . Add alternately to the molasses mixture and beat batter until it is very smooth . Drop teaspoons of the mixture onto greased cookie sheets . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for minutes . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a inch springform pan . Place the chocolate in a metal bowl set over a pan of simmering water . Stir occasionally until melted and smooth . Stir in the hot coffee hotter coffee will mix in better , but if the mixture suddenly hardens into a dull paste , that is okay too . It can still be used . Stir in the vanilla . Set aside . In a large bowl , cream together the butter , white sugar and brown sugar until light and fluffy . Beat in the egg yolks gradually , then stir in the chocolate mixture . Mix in the flour just until incorporated . In a separate bowl , whip egg whites with clean beaters until they can hold a stiff peak . Fold / of the whites into the cake batter until fully incorporated , then gently fold in the rest . Pour into the prepared pan . Adjust the oven rack to the center position . Bake for hour in the preheated oven , or until the top of the cake springs back when pressed down gently . Cool in the pan over a wire rack . Cover the top with aluminum foil to keep the top crust of the cake from getting hardened . When cool , store in the pan until ready to serve . To serve , run a knife around the outside of the cake , and remove the springform ring . Invert the cake onto a serving plate , and dust with confectioners sugar . Slice and serve with dollops of whipped cream . 
Prepare gelatin according to package directions , substituting cup cold water with cup crushed ice . Place gelatin into freezer until almost congealed . Place cream cheese in a bowl and beat until smooth . Fold cream cheese into gelatin . Add cottage cheese , fruit cocktail , pineapple , oranges , apples , banana , cherries and walnuts . Mix well . Pour into mold or dish and refrigerate until completely set . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour one inch round cake pan . Combine the egg whites and water in a large glass or metal bowl . Whip the egg whites to soft peaks in a large bowl . Continue to whip , while gradually adding sugar until egg whites can stand in stiff peaks . Continue to whip on medium speed while adding one egg yolk at a time . Combine the flour and baking powder ; fold gently into the batter . Pour the batter into the prepared cake pan . Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean , to minutes . Cool the cake in the pan for minutes before turning out onto a wire rack to cool completely . Stir the cornstarch with the water in a small bowl to dissolve and set aside . In a medium saucepan , beat together the sweetened condensed milk and the egg yolks . Bring the mixture to a boil over medium-high heat , stirring constantly . Stir in the cornstarch mixture . When the filling thickens , remove from heat and set aside to cool . Mix together the strawberries , peaches , and blueberries in a medium bowl . Using a thread or a bread knife , slice the cooled cake in half horizontally . Spread the mixed fruit across the bottom half of the cake , pour any fruit juice over the berries to moisten the cake . Spread the cream filling over the top of the fruit . Top with the other half of the cake . Frost the cake with whipped cream or your favorite white frosting . 
In a large bowl , combine the flour , salt , and tablespoon sugar . Crumble the yeast into the flour mixture as finely as possible . Cut in shortening until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs . Make a well in the center , and add the eggs . Mix well while gradually adding sour cream . If the dough is too sticky , more flour can be added depending on the size of your eggs . Wrap the dough in a clean dish towel , and hang in very very cold water for one hour while you make the filling . In a saucepan over medium heat , stir together the ground walnuts , / cup sugar , and milk . Heat to between and degrees F ( to degrees C ) , or until a small amount of the mixture dropped into cold water forms a soft ball that flattens when removed from the water and placed on a flat surface . Stir constantly to prevent burning . Set aside to cool before using . Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . On a sugared surface , roll the dough out to / inch thickness . Flour will make the cookies tough . Cut into x inch squares . Place one teaspoon of filling into each square , then fold in half to make a rectangle . Bend the two long ends around to form a horse shoe shape , and place onto the prepared cookie sheets . Bake for to minutes in the preheated oven , or until golden brown . Watch the first batch carefully to set the ideal time for your oven , as they do burn quickly . Enjoy a rare treat ! 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease cookie sheets . In a medium bowl , cream together / cup butter and white sugar until smooth . Beat in the eggs one at a time , then stir in the vanilla and ricotta cheese . Combine the flour , baking soda and salt ; gradually stir into the cheese mixture . Drop by rounded teaspoonfuls inches apart onto the prepared cookie sheets . Bake for to minutes in the preheated oven , or until edges are golden . Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely . In a medium bowl , cream together the remaining butter and confectioners sugar . Beat in vanilla and milk gradually until a spreadable consistency is reached . Frost cooled cookies . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a inch tube pan . Line the bottom and sides with parchment paper , then grease the paper . In a saucepan over medium heat , combine applesauce , butter and sugar . Cook over medium heat for minutes , stirring occasionally . Remove from heat , stir in vanilla , and set aside to cool . In a large bowl , mix flour , baking soda , salt , cinnamon , nutmeg and cloves . Add chopped pecans , raisins , chopped dates and cherries . Stir until the fruit and nuts are evenly coated . Stir in the cooled applesauce mixture . Pour into prepared pan . Bake in the preheated oven for hours , or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean . Let cool in pan for minutes , then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely . Slowly pour bourbon on cake , letting it soak in . To speed up the process , you can use a toothpick to puncture many small holes all over the cake before pouring on the Bourbon . You will think that you are using too much Bourbon . Dont worry . You really want to soak the cake in Bourbon ! Wrap cake well and store in refrigerator . 
In a large mixing bowl , cream together sugar and butter or margarine . Beat in eggs and vanilla . Stir in flour , salt and baking soda . Add coconut and sunflower seeds . Mix together well . Drop by spoonfuls onto greased cookie sheet . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for to minutes . 
Sprinkle gelatin on top of water and set aside . Mix the prune pulp , prune juice , sugar , lemon juice , lemon rind , and salt in a saucepan ; cook for two minutes . Add gelatin and water to hot prune mixture , stirring thoroughly , and allow to cool . Beat egg whites until stiff , but not dry . When prune mixture begins to thicken , fold in stiffly beaten egg whites . Pour filling into baked pie shell , and chill . Before serving , spread thin layer of whipped cream or whipped topping over the pie if desired . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line the bottoms of two inch round pans , or one x inch rectangular pan , with parchment paper . In a mixing bowl , stir shortening to soften . Sift in flour , baking powder , salt , and sugar . Add / cup of the milk and the flavorings , and mix until all flour is dampened . Beat well , with an electric mixer if possible . Add unbeaten egg whites and remaining milk , and beat well . Stir in nuts and cherries . Pour batter into prepared pans . Bake for to minutes . Cool completely . Fill and frost with Seven Minute Frosting , and decorate with additional maraschino cherry halves . 
Lightly grease an inch pie pan with olive oil . Blend cups pecans and dates in a food processor until finely ground , about minute . Pour agave nectar over nut mixture and process until fully incorporated , about seconds . Press nut mixture evenly into prepared pie pan . Peel and pit persimmons , then puree in food processor until smooth . Pour over crust and smooth out . Garnish with chopped pecans and cinnamon . 
Place potato cubes in a small sauce pan and cover with salted water . Bring to a boil , then reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender , about minutes . Drain and cool . Mash potato in a large bowl until smooth . Stir cup confectioners sugar into mashed potato ; mix well . Gradually stir remaining confectioners sugar and milk to form a firm dough . Incorporate green food coloring at this point if using . Sprinkle work surface with confectioners sugar , and roll dough into an x-inch rectangle about / inch thick . Spread peanut butter evenly onto the dough . Tightly roll dough into a log , jelly roll-style , beginning at the wide end . Wrap log in plastic wrap and chill in refrigerator until the candy sets up , about hour . Cut into / inch slices . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease the bottom of a inch springform pan . Sprinkle graham cracker crumbs into the bottom of the prepared pan . Beat cream cheese and sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth . Add eggs one at a time , allowing each egg to blend into the cream cheese mixture before adding the next . Mix white chocolate chips , cream , lime juice , and lime zest together in a stainless steel bowl . Place bowl over a pot of boiling water . Stir chocolate chips mixture until the chocolate melts completely and the mixture is smooth , about minutes ; pour into the cream cheese mixture and stir to combine . Pour the mixture over the graham cracker crumbs in the prepared springform pan . Bake in preheated oven the cakes center is set , about minutes . Cool at room temperature for minutes before refrigerating to chill completely , at least hour . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Mix spelt flour , olive oil , salt , teaspoon sugar , with a fork . Starting with tablespoons water , drizzle in just enough for dough to come together . Turn out dough onto work surface . Knead dough until it comes together . Crumble dough and press pieces into the bottoms of small tart pans to form a / inch-thick bottom crust . Crumble ounces goat cheese onto each crust . Lay fig slices on top of goat cheese in a single layer . Season with a pinch of kosher salt , small pinch of cayenne pepper . Sprinkle with tablespoon white sugar . Bake until cheese is bubbling and figs are glazed , about minutes . Garnish with sprigs of lemon thyme . 
Combine water , sugar , cardamom , rose water , and saffron in a saucepan ; bring to a boil . Reduce heat and simmer until consistency is syrupy , to minutes . Mix milk powder , flour , and baking soda in a bowl until well-combined . Slowly mix in butter and yogurt until dough comes together . Let gulab dough rest for minutes . Shape into smooth balls the size of pennies . Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Test the temperature of the oil by dropping in a small piece of dough . When it sits at the bottom of the pan for minute before coming to the surface , the oil is ready . Fry gulab balls at a time , stirring carefully , until dark golden brown on all sides , about minutes . Drain on a paper-towel lined plate . Repeat with remaining gulab . Bring syrup back up to a boil and drop in fried gulab . Remove from heat and let them soak in the syrup , covered , minutes to hour . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place apples in a x inch baking dish . In a bowl , cream together butter and sugar . Stir in flour , instant oatmeal and salt . Fold in walnuts . Sprinkle oatmeal mixture evenly over apples . Drizzle with maple syrup . Bake in preheated oven to minutes , until apples are tender and topping is golden . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease individual muffin cups or line cups with paper liners . Beat cup plus tablespoons butter and white sugar in a large bowl with an electric blender until creamy . Add eggs one at a time and beat well after each addition . Beat in lemon zest and vanilla extract . Combine flour , baking soda , baking powder , and salt in a separate bowl . Add to butter mixture alternately with sour cream and mix well into a thick batter . Spoon / cup of batter into each muffin cup . Bake in the preheated oven until tops spring back when lightly pressed , to minutes . Cool in the tins for minutes . Transfer to a wire rack and let cool , about minutes . Prepare the frosting while cupcakes are cooling . Cream together cup plus tablespoons butter and vanilla extract with an electric blender . Gradually beat in confectioners sugar , cup at a time , mixing well after each addition . Beat in milk and continue beating until frosting is light and fluffy . Spread out marshmallow halves on a clean surface , cut-side down . Spread a little bit of frosting in the center of each marshmallow half . Sprinkle with pink decorating sugar to make the bunny ears . Spread an even layer of frosting over each cooled cupcake . Place of the prepared marshmallow halves on each cupcake for the ears . Place a chocolate piece in the middle of each cupcake for the nose and draw eyes and whiskers with black decorating gel . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour an inch round cake pan . Combine flour , sugar , cocoa powder , baking soda , and salt in a large bowl , whisking until smooth . Cut in buttery spread using a pastry cutter or knives until it is the size of small peas and flour mixture is evenly coated . Pour soy milk , coffee , vinegar , and vanilla extract into the bowl . Blend with an electric mixer until smooth ; beat for minutes more . Pour batter into the prepared pan . Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean , to minutes . Cool in the pan for at least minutes before inverting onto a wire rack or serving plate . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease muffin cups or line with paper liners . Combine / tablespoons butter , sugar , and vanilla sugar in a bowl ; beat with an electric mixer until light and fluffy . Add eggs one at a time , beating well after each addition . Add teaspoon vanilla extract and beat until smooth . Mix flour , baking powder , and salt in a separate bowl and add to the batter . Beat for another minutes . Spoon batter into the prepared muffin cups , filling each / full . Bake in the preheated oven until tops spring back when lightly pressed , about minutes . Cool in the tin for minutes . Transfer to a wire rack and let cool , about minutes . Cupcakes sink slightly after baking , which is fine as it creates a flat surface for the flowers . Combine / cup butter and cream cheese in a bowl and beat with an electric mixer until well combined . Add confectioners sugar , / cup at a time . Beat in / teaspoon vanilla extract after half the confectioners sugar is incorporated . Set aside . Pour colored sugar into different small bowls . Cut each large marshmallow into slices . Dip marshmallow pieces with the cut side down into one of the colors so the sugar will stick to the marshmallow . Repeat with the other marshmallows and different colors . Spread a layer of frosting over each cupcake . Arrange marshmallow slices on each cupcake in the shape of flower petals . Place a candy-colored chocolate piece in the middle . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spray a x-inch baking dish with cooking spray . Mix cake mix , butter , and egg together in a bowl until evenly mixed and crumbly ; press into the prepared baking dish . Bake in the preheated oven until edges of crust begin to crisp , to minutes . Place marshmallows in a microwave-safe bowl ; heat in microwave until melted , to seconds . Stir condensed milk , coconut , and almonds into melted marshmallows ; spread filling evenly over crust . Combine butterscotch chips and chocolate chips in a microwave-safe bowl ; heat in microwave , stirring every to seconds , until melted , about minute . Spread mixture evenly over filling . Refrigerate until chocolate hardens , at least minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Combine white rice flour , teff flour , cornstarch , sweet rice flour , baking soda , xanthan gum , and salt in a bowl . Beat butter , white sugar , brown sugar , and vanilla extract together in a bowl until smooth and creamy . Add eggs , at a time , beating well after each addition . Slowly beat flour mixture into creamed butter mixture until dough is just mixed ; fold in chocolate chips and walnuts . Drop dough by round spoonful onto the baking sheet . Bake in the preheated oven until cookies are golden brown , to minutes . Let stand for to minutes on the baking sheet before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely . 
Chop almonds in a food processor and add medjool dates . Blend until smooth . Reserve about / cup of date mixture and set aside . Prepare two individual-sized tart pans with oil or line with parchment . Divide the date mixture among the two pans and press along the bottom and sides . In a mixing bowl , whip the culinary Coconutmilk with a hand mixer for a minute or so before adding the reserved date mixture and about berries . Stir to combine . Spoon the coconut mixture into the tart crusts and pop in the freezer for at least hours . Remove the frozen tarts from the pans . Garnish with raspberries and sliced strawberries . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Heat butter over medium heat for minutes or so , until it turns nut brown in color . The foaming and bubbling is part of the browning process , but watch it carefully so that you dont burn the butter . Remove from heat , and cool slightly . Reserve / cup of the butter for the frosting . Pour remaining browned butter into a large mixing bowl . Beat browned butter with brown sugar until the butter is no longer hot . Mix in eggs , teaspoons vanilla , baking soda , baking powder , and salt . Beat thoroughly . Mix in flour and chopped pecans . Drop tablespoons of dough onto ungreased baking sheets . Bake for minutes in the preheated oven , or until light brown around the edges . Cool . In a medium bowl , mix the reserved / cup browned butter with teaspoons vanilla , confectioners sugar , and hot water . Beat until smooth , and use to frost cooled cookies . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line muffin cups with paper liners . Mix flour , baking powder , baking soda , cinnamon , nutmeg , and salt together in a bowl . Mash white sugar and butter together in a separate bowl until combined ; stir in pumpkin puree , egg white , milk , and / teaspoon vanilla extract . Mix flour mixture into pumpkin mixture until batter is combined . Fill muffin cups / full with batter . Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean , to minutes . Cool to room temperature . Beat cream cheese , margarine , and confectioners sugar together in a bowl until smooth . Add yogurt and remaining / teaspoon vanilla extract and beat until frosting is well combined . Frost cupcakes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Beat butter in a bowl until creamy ; add sugar and continue beating until light and fluffy . Beat in egg yolk . Whisk flour , allspice , and turmeric together in a bowl . Sift flour mixture into butter mixture and stir until dough is combined . Press dough into a inch square baking dish . Beat egg white in a small bowl and brush dough with egg white . Bake in the preheated oven until cake feels firm when lightly pressed in the center , to minutes . Cut into squares while cake is still hot ; cool in baking dish . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease round cake pans . Mix cake mix , / cups eggnog , eggs , butter , nutmeg , and / teaspoon rum-flavored extract together in a bowl using an electric mixer until batter is smooth , about minutes . Pour batter into the prepared pans . Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean , about minutes . Remove cakes from pans and cool on a wire rack . Mix cups eggnog , vanilla pudding mix , and / teaspoon rum-flavored extract together in a bowl until smooth ; refrigerate until pudding thickens , at least minutes . Mix cold water and gelatin together in a bowl until gelatin is dissolved . Beat cream in a separate bowl using an electric mixer until soft peaks form ; add gelatin mixture , white sugar , / teaspoon rum-flavored extract , and salt and beat until stiff peaks form . Refrigerate topping until chilled , at least minutes . Place cake on a serving plate and spread / of the filling on top . Place the second cake over the filling and top with remaining filling . Cover entire cake with whipped cream topping . Store cake in refrigerator . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a x-inch cake pan or baking dish . Process chocolate chip cookies in a food processor until completely crumbled . Add sugar , flour , baking powder , and cinnamon to cookie crumbs ; pulse to combine . Add butter , eggs , and vanilla to cookie mixture ; process until blended . Pour milk into cookie mixture while food processor is running ; blend until batter is evenly mixed . Pour batter into prepared pan . Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean , about minutes . Cool in the pans for to minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Combine pink apples , Granny Smith apples , cranberries , brown sugar , flour , lemon zest , cinnamon , nutmeg , and vanilla together in a bowl and stir until apples are completely coated . Roll out and line a pie dish with / the dough . Pour apple mixture into pie dish . Dot apple mixture with butter pieces . Roll out remaining / the dough and top apple mixture with dough . Pinch edges of bottom and top crusts together . Tuck in dough and crimp to form a border . Cut vents in the top of the dough and place pie on a baking sheet . Bake pie in the preheated oven until apples are tender , filling is bubbling , and crust is golden brown , about minutes . Transfer to a wire rack to cool . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour a x-inch baking pan . Stir chocolate cake mix , water , vegetable oil , and eggs in a mixing bowl until moistened . Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed for minutes . Spread rhubarb over the bottom of the prepared baking dish and sprinkle cherry gelatin mix and sugar evenly over the rhubarb . Pour cake batter over the rhubarb layer . Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the middle of the cake layer comes out clean , about hour ; check for doneness after minutes . Let cool before serving . 
Toss strawberries with brown sugar in a bowl and let stand while you complete remaining steps , about minutes . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Whisk flour , tablespoon white sugar , and / teaspoon salt in a bowl until thoroughly combined . Cut butter into the flour mixture until it resembles coarse crumbs , and drizzle in milk . Mix just until the dough holds together . Turn dough out onto a floured surface and roll out into a inch circle . Fit dough into a inch pie dish . Prick the dough several times on the bottom and sides ; fill with dry beans or pie weights . Bake the crust in the preheated oven until golden brown , about minutes . Remove crust and let cool . Bring cream just barely to a simmer in a saucepan over low heat . Whisk egg yolks thoroughly in a bowl with / teaspoon salt and add about tablespoon of the hot cream to the beaten yolks , whisking constantly . Continue to add and whisk hot cream into the yolks until about / cup of cream has been added , then whisk the yolk mixture into the remaining hot cream in the saucepan , pouring it in a thin stream . Continue whisking until cream mixture is thick and smooth , about more minutes ; do not let boil or custard will curdle . Remove custard from heat and let stand until it reaches room temperature , about minutes . Drain juice from strawberries and layer them into the bottom of the baked pie shell . Spread cream custard over the berries ; refrigerate until set , about hours . Set oven rack about inches from the heat source and preheat the ovens broiler . Sprinkle / cup white sugar evenly over top of pie and broil until the sugar is browned , about minutes . Let pie stand minutes for sugar topping to cool before serving . 
Pour boiling water over tea bags in a jar or pitcher , and allow to steep for minutes . Remove tea bags , add sugar , and stir in lime juice . Adjust the sweetness to suit your taste and cool mixture to room temperature . Drop a lime slice into each ice pop mold . Pour in mixture , leaving about / inch space at the top . Place the sticks or tops in and freeze until solid , to hours . Run some warm water over the molds to help loosen the ice pops . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour a x-inch pan . Beat together the white sugar and butter . Add the eggs and teaspoon vanilla . In a separate bowl , combine the flour and baking powder . Add the flour mixture alternately with the milk . Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean , about minutes . Cool cake completely on wire rack . Combine the brown sugar , egg whites , water , and salt in a heat-proof bowl . Place the bowl over a saucepan of boiling water and beat with an electric mixer . Cook the frosting , beating constantly , for minutes , or until the frosting will stand in peaks . Remove from heat and add teaspoon vanilla . Beat until thick . Spread the frosting on the cooled cake . To decorate , place one large raisin in each corner . Then place toasted almonds , toasted pecans , and red and green cherries all over the cake . 
Preheat oven to degrees F . Using a food processor , process the graham crackers into fine crumbs . Cut each tortilla into equal size wedges . Dip wedges into melted butter and then into cracker crumbs . Spread out tortillas onto a baking sheet and bake for minutes . Turn chips over and bake for another minutes or until golden . Pile chips onto an oven safe platter , drizzle with chocolate sauce and sprinkle with marshmallows . ( Optional ) Return platter to the oven until marshmallows are lightly browned . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Pour apple pie filling into a x-inch pan . Sprinkle cake mix over apples . Drizzle melted butter on top , stirring slightly to evenly moisten dry cake batter . Bake minutes . Serve hot or cold . 
Beat the margarine , brown sugar , and / cup white sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth . Beat in the egg and vanilla extract . Mix in the flour / cup at a time , then stir in salt until just incorporated . Fold in the almonds and poppy seeds ; mixing just enough to evenly combine . Divide the dough in half . Roll each into a inch log and wrap with waxed paper . Refrigerate for hours . Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Coat logs in the remaining / cup of sugar . Cut the logs into / inch slices and place on a baking sheet . Bake in the preheated oven until the cookies begin to brown , to minutes . Cool in the pans for minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack . 
Beat sweetened condensed milk , cream cheese , and lemon juice together in a bowl until smooth . Fold mandarin orange segments through the creamy mixture and spread into the prepared pie crust . Refrigerate until set in the middle , at least hours . 
For the crust : Add the graham cracker crumbs , melted butter and cocoa powder to a mixing bowl and mix together well . Press mixture firmly into the bottom and around the edges of a tart tin ( rectangle / x / inches or circle / inches ) . Place in the fridge to chill . Chop the unsweetened chocolate bar into small chunks and combine with chocolate chips in a bowl . Set aside . Heat cup heavy cream and tablespoons confectioners sugar gently in a saucepan until just hot , but not boiling . Pour over the chocolate bowl and leave for a couple of minutes to melt , then stir gently until the chocolate has dissolved . Remove crust from fridge and spoon the drained morello cherries all over the base . Pour the chocolate on top and smooth down . Place back in the fridge to set for hours . Once chilled you can slice and serve with a spoonful of the whipped cream , and decorate each slice with a few fresh cherries . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a baking sheet with parchment paper . Beat butter , brown sugar , and white sugar together in a bowl until fluffy . Add egg and vanilla extract ; mix until combined . Whisk flour , baking soda , and salt together in a bowl ; add to butter mixture until dough is just mixed . Fold in oats and quinoa . Drop dough by teaspoonfuls onto baking sheet , approximately inches apart . Bake in the preheated oven until edges are golden , to minutes . Let cool on baking sheet for minutes ; transfer to a wire rack to cool completely . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a x-inch baking pan with parchment paper . Mix pumpkin puree , evaporated milk , eggs , granular sweetener , and cinnamon together in a large bowl . Pour into the baking pan . Sift dry cake mix over pumpkin mixture . Sprinkle nuts on top ; press down lightly . Spoon melted butter evenly over nuts . Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean , to minutes . Cool in the pan , to minutes . Invert onto a serving platter and peel off parchment paper . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a x-inch baking dish with cooking spray . Mix tube of cookie dough , / cup peanut butter , and pretzels together in a bowl . Press into an even layer in the prepared baking dish . Bake in the preheated oven until just golden and set , to minutes . Allow to cool slightly . Mix remaining tube of cookie dough , remaining peanut butter , and / cup peanuts together in a bowl . Press in an even layer onto a piece of parchment paper the size of your baking dish . Refrigerate until firm , about minutes . Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Combine condensed milk and caramels in a saucepan over medium heat . Cook , stirring frequently until smooth , about minutes . Pour over the cookie dough crust in the baking dish and spread in an even layer . Top with the refrigerated cookie dough mixture and peel off the parchment paper . Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown , to minutes . Allow to cool slightly . Pour chocolate chips into a microwave-safe bowl ; heat in the microwave until smooth , about minute . Stir in remaining / cup peanuts and spread over cookie bars . Refrigerate until set , at least minutes . 
Chop dark chocolate into small pieces . Separate into portions / in portion , / in the other . Place / of the chocolate into a heatproof bowl , preferably metal . It should be large enough to sit on the rim of a pot without touching the water . Heat about inches water in a pot over medium-high heat until it just barely starts to simmer . Reduce heat to lowest setting ; place bowl over pot . Allow chocolate to melt without stirring until about / of the pieces have melted . Stir until all pieces have melted and chocolate feels hot ( not boiling hot ) to the touch ( about to degrees F ) , about minutes . Transfer the remaining third of chocolate to the bowl . Stir until melted . Place bowl on the counter and , stirring occasionally , cool chocolate until its cool to the touch and beginning to thicken up a bit , about minutes . Chocolate should be smooth and shiny . Line a rimmed baking sheet with a silicone mat ( or parchment paper or waxed paper ) . Slowly pour the chocolate into the lined pan not all the way to the edges . Sprinkle the chopped walnuts , pistachios , and goji berries evenly over the chocolate . Top with a bit of coarse sea salt . Allow to sit at room temperature to cool and harden . Break into pieces . 
Melt ounces chocolate in a microwave-safe glass or ceramic bowl in second intervals , stirring after each melting , to minutes . Once chocolate is nearly melted , but a few chunks remain , stop microwaving and stir until completely smooth . Add the remaining ounces of unmelted chocolate . Stir well until all the chocolate has melted . Lay out a large sheet of parchment paper on a flat work surface . Pour melted chocolate onto parchment and spread chocolate into a thin , even layer using a spatula . Scatter pistachios , dried blueberries , coconut chips , and orange zest quickly over chocolate before it sets . Leave the chocolate to set fully , about minutes . Break into randomly sized pieces and store in an airtight container . 
In a heavy sauce pan over low heat , melt the butter and chocolate chips . Remove from heat and gently stir in rice cereal until coated . Press into the bottom and sides of a inch pie plate . Chill minutes . In a large bowl , beat cream cheese until fluffy . Gradually beat in condensed milk and peanut butter until smooth . Stir in lemon juice and vanilla . Fold in whipped cream . Pour into prepared crust . Drizzle chocolate topping over pie and freeze for hours or until firm . Keep in freezer until ready to serve , and return leftovers to the freezer as well . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease sides and bottom of a inch deep-dish pie pan . In a medium mixing bowl , mix together flour , salt , baking powder and pudding mix . Mix in butter , egg and milk . Beat for minutes . Pour mixture into pie pan . Arrange the peach slices on top of the pudding mixture . In a small mixing bowl , beat cream cheese until fluffy . Add / cup sugar and tablespoons reserved peach syrup . Beat for minutes . Spoon mixture over peaches to within inch of pan edge . Mix together tablespoon sugar and teaspoon cinnamon , and sprinkle over top . Bake in preheated oven for to minutes , until golden brown . Chill before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a large mixing bowl , cream the shortening , cup creamy peanut butter and white and brown sugars . Add vanilla and then eggs , one at a time . Beat well after each addition . In a small bowl , combine flour , baking soda and salt . Add slowly to creamy mixture . Shape into inch balls and place on an ungreased cookie sheet , inches apart . Flatten balls with a fork . Bake for minutes depending on size ( I tend to keep a close eye on them and remove them as soon as they start to get golden . This helps to make them chewy . ) Cool on wire racks . To Make the filling : Combine / cup creamy peanut butter , confectioners sugar , vanilla extract , and milk in a small bowl adding enough milk to make for a creamy , frosting like texture . Spread frosting on one cookie and top off to make sandwich . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease cookie sheets . In a large bowl , cream the shortening and sugar . Add the egg and beat until light and fluffy , then stir in the molasses . In a separate bowl , mix together the flour , baking soda , salt , ginger and cinnamon . Add to the egg mixture and stir until well blended . Roll bits of dough into inch balls . Dip each ball in sugar and place on cookie sheet , sugared side up about inches apart . Bake for to minutes , until cookies have spread and tops have cracked . Let cool on wire rack . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease baking sheets . Cream butter or margarine with the brown sugar until light and fluffy . Beat in the eggs and mix well . Stir in the salt , cinnamon , baking powder , boiling water , baking soda and flour . Mix to combine . Stir in the oats . Drop cookies onto the prepared baking sheets . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for to minutes . Let cookies cool then make sandwiches from two cookies filled with Whoopie Pie Filling . To Make Filling : Beat egg white . Mix in the milk , teaspoon vanilla and cup confectioners sugar . Beat in the shortening and remaining cup confectioners sugar . Beat until light . 
Mix margarine , peanut butter , sugar and egg . Stir in baking powder , baking soda , salt and flour . Chill dough for several hours or overnight . Roll dough into / inch balls . Place inches apart on lightly greased baking sheet . Flatten crisscross style with a fork dipped in flour or sugar . Bake for minutes at degrees F ( degrees C ) . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a quart baking dish . Arrange the peaches , apple , pear , blueberries , cherries , and plums in the prepared baking dish . In a medium bowl , beat egg , sugar , and milk . In a separate bowl , sift together flour , baking powder , and salt ; stir into the egg mixture . Stir in vanilla and melted butter . Cover the fruit with the batter mixture . Bake minutes in the preheated oven . Cobbler should be bubbly and lightly browned . Serve warm . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Drain peaches and reserve the syrup ; set aside . Combine flour , pudding mix , margarine , egg , and milk ; beat well . Pour into a greased or inch pie pan . Arrange drained peaches on top of mixture , just to edges . Cream together softened cream cheese , sugar , and tablespoons reserved peach syrup . Spoon mixture carefully on top of peaches , just to edges . Sprinkle sugar and cinnamon on top . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for to minutes . Do not over bake . 
In a large bowl , mix together condensed milk and lime juice . Fold in whipped topping and mix until smooth . Pour mixture into graham cracker crust . Refrigerate at least hour before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a medium bowl , combine graham cracker crumbs , butter and cinnamon . Mix well and press into the bottom of a inch square pan . Bake in preheated oven for to minutes . Remove from oven and allow to cool . Dissolve lemon gelatin in boiling water . Let cool until thickened , but not set . In a large bowl , beat cream cheese and vanilla until smooth . Blend in lemon gelatin . Fold in whipped topping . Pour filling into crust . Sprinkle top with graham cracker crumbs . Refrigerate over night . 
In small saucepan over medium heat , combine milk , salt , tablespoons sugar and shortening . Heat until shortening melts and sugar dissolves . Remove from heat and let cool to lukewarm , degrees F ( degrees C ) . Sprinkle in yeast and let sit until foamy . Transfer mixture to large bowl , and stir in flour to make a dough . Knead until smooth , cover and let rise minutes . In a large heavy skillet or deep fryer , heat inch of oil to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Roll out to inch balls of dough into thin sheets . Fry sheets to minutes on a side , until puffed and golden . Drain on paper towels . Combine cinnamon and tablespoons sugar . Sprinkle over warm pastries . Serve . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour a cup Bundt pan . Measure flour , sugar , soda , salt , cinnamon , oil , eggs , vanilla into mixing bowl . Beat until smooth . Stir in pineapple with juice , bananas , and pecans . Pour into prepared pan . Bake in oven for about minutes . Turn cake out onto rack or plate after cooling for minutes . Cool , and ice with cream cheese icing . 
In a microwave-safe bowl , whisk together the sugar , cocoa and cornstarch . Whisk in milk a little at a time so the mixture does not have any dry lumps . Place in the microwave , and cook for minutes on high . Stir , then cook at minute intervals , stirring between cooking times for to minutes , or until shiny and thick . Stir in vanilla . Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the pudding to prevent a skin from forming , and chill in the refrigerator . Serve cold . 
Line a baking sheet with a silicone mat or parchment paper . Cut peeled and cored apples into quarters , cut each quarter into wedges , and cut wedges into chunks . Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat ; let butter brown to a light golden color and until butter smells toasted , about minute . Stir apples into hot butter ; sprinkle with salt , white sugar , and brown sugar . Cook and stir apple mixture until apples are softened , about minutes . Mix in cinnamon and water ; continue cooking until apples are soft and sticky , to more minutes . Spread apple filling onto a plate to cool . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Form a dough piece into a ball , place on a floured work surface , and roll into a circle about inches in diameter . Spoon / to / cup apple filling in the center . Fold dough over filling , leaving about inch of dough on the bottom side visible below the top side . Gently press dough closed around filling , using your fingertips . Fold the overhanging bottom part of the dough up over the top edge , working your way around the crust , and pinch the overhang tightly to the top part of the crust . Crimp the edge tightly closed , pinching a little bit of dough with the thumb and forefinger of one hand and using your index finger on the other hand to push a small notch into the pinched dough . Continue pinching and notching all the way around until the crust is tightly crimped together . Repeat with remaining dough and filling . Transfer pies onto prepared baking sheet . Whisk egg with milk in a small bowl until thoroughly combined . Brush top of each hand pie with egg mixture and sprinkle with about / teaspoon white sugar . Cut small vent holes in the top of each pie . Bake in the preheated oven until pies are golden brown and filling is bubbling , to minutes . Let cool for at least minutes before serving . 
In a medium saucepan , bring water and sugar to a simmer over medium high heat until sugar is dissolved . In a food processor , puree pineapple with its juice until smooth . Transfer to a metal bowl , and stir in syrup , lemon juice , orange juice , and orange zest . Freeze until slightly firm , but not frozen . Process mixture again in the food processor or beat with an electric mixer until smooth . Transfer to a freezer container and freeze until firm , about hours . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease one x-inch baking pan . Combine the flour , baking soda , salt , baking powder , and cinnamon in a bowl and set aside . In a separate bowl , mix the eggs , oil , sugar , grated zucchini , and vanilla . Add the flour mixture to the zucchini mixture and stir until just combined . Stir in the chopped nuts . Pour the batter into the prepared pan . Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean , about minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour an x inch pan . In a small saucepan over medium heat , melt margarine and cocoa together , stirring occasionally until smooth . Remove from heat and set aside to cool . In a large bowl , beat eggs until frothy . Stir in the sucrolose sweetener . Combine the flour and salt ; stir into the egg mixture then mix in the cocoa and margarine . Finally stir in the / cup of milk and if desired , the walnuts . Pour into the prepared pan . Bake for to minutes in the preheated oven , until a toothpick inserted into the center , comes out clean . To make frosting , Mix together the sugar free chocolate pudding mix and cup skim milk using an electric mixer . Mix for about two minutes or until thick . Spread over cooled brownies before cutting into squares . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour a inch Bundt pan . In a large bowl , stir together cake mix , pudding mix and poppy seeds . Make a well in the center and pour in water , oil , and eggs . Beat on low speed until blended . Scrape bowl , and beat minutes on medium speed . Pour batter into prepared pan . Bake in the preheated oven for minutes , or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean . Let cool in pan for minutes , then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a large bowl , mix together the butter , vanilla and confectioners sugar until smooth . Mix in salt , then stir in flour by hand until dough is stiff . Add the walnuts and cherries , and mix into the dough , kneading like bread on a clean floured surface . Roll dough into ping pong sized balls , and place onto ungreased cookie sheets . Press down balls with a fork to make a criss cross pattern on top . Bake for to minutes in the preheated oven . Let stand on the baking sheet for a few minutes before removing to wire racks to cool completely . 
Combine the sugar , cornstarch , cocoa powder , and milk in a small saucepan over medium heat . Bring to a simmer , and stir until thick , about minutes . Remove from heat ; stir in vanilla and butter . Transfer to a heatproof bowl , and refrigerate until cool , approximately minutes . Stir the chocolate chips into the cooled chocolate mixture . Pour into molds and freeze until firm , about hours . 
Pour the chocolate syrup into a medium microwave-safe bowl and microwave until hot , about minutes on high , stopping every seconds . Do not allow to boil . Stir peanut butter into hot chocolate until smooth . Allow to cool to room temperature . Line the bottom of a x-inch dish with a layer of ice cream sandwiches . Spread half the whipped topping over the sandwiches . Spoon half the chocolate mixture over that . Top with half the peanuts . Repeat layers . Freeze until firm , at least hour . Cut into squares to serve . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line baking sheets with parchment paper . In a large bowl , cream butter with brown sugar and / cup white sugar . Blend in the vanilla and milk . Mix in the flour and corn starch . Stir in the mini chocolate chips . Form the dough into inch balls , and roll in the remaining white sugar . Place on the prepared cookie sheet , about / inches apart . Use your finger or thumb to press straight down into the center of each ball , making a well for the jam . Neatly fill each cookie with a small amount of jam . Bake in preheated oven for to minutes , or until cookies are just beginning to turn golden around the edges . Let cookies cool before eating . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a pie pan with bottom crust . Mix together rhubarb , strawberries , orange zest , / cups sugar , and tapioca . Spoon into crust . Roll out second crust , and place over the filling . Seal the edges . Brush with milk , and sprinkle extra sugar on top . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for minutes . Reduce heat to degrees F ( degrees C ) , and bake for an additional minutes . For a crumb topping , omit top pie crust . Combine flour , cup sugar , and salt . Cut in butter or margarine until mixture is crumbly . Spoon over filling , and bake as directed above . 
Prepare and bake cake mix according to package directions for one x inch cake . Remove cake from oven . Poke holes at once down through cake with a fork . Holes should be at inch intervals . While the cake cools , combine the gelatin with boiling water . Pour gelatin mixture over the cake . Top with the cherry pie filling , then cover with whipped topping . Refrigerate cake for one hour before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a x inch baking dish . Sift together the flour , baking powder and salt ; set aside . In a large bowl , cream together / cup of butter , brown sugar and white sugar until light and fluffy . Beat in the eggs and yolk one at a time , then stir in the vanilla and tablespoons peanut butter . Blend in the sifted ingredients and stir in the chocolate chips . Press the mixture evenly into the prepared pan . Bake in the preheated oven for to minutes , or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out with moist crumbs . Cool completely before frosting . To make the frosting , mix the remaining / cup of butter and cup peanut butter together in a medium bowl . Mix in the confectioners sugar until smooth , then gradually stir in milk until a spreadable consistency is reached . Cut , serve and enjoy ! 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Make crust . In a large bowl , combine chocolate crumbs , / cup sugar and / cup butter and press into a inch round springform pan or fluted pie pan . Bake for minutes . Remove from oven and cool . In a large bowl , combine the cream cheese , peanut butter , sugar and vanilla . Beat on medium speed until smooth . In a separate bowl , beat whipping cream until stiff peaks form . Fold into peanut butter mix . Pour into pie crust . In a microwave-safe bowl , microwave chocolate chips until melted . Stir occasionally until chocolate is smooth . Drizzle melted chocolate on top of pie . Refrigerate hours or until set . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spray an x inch casserole with nonstick spray . In a large bowl , combine bread cubes , cup sugar , salt , cinnamon , and nutmeg . Mix in raisins , if desired . In another bowl , blend milk , melted butter , and eggs . Add wet ingredients to dry , and mix together without turning bread mixture into mush . Pour mixture into prepared casserole dish . Place casserole dish into a larger baking pan . Pour hot water into baking pan about / up the side of the casserole dish , creating a water bath . Bake for minutes . In a small saucepan , combine / cup sugar , cornstarch , cup hot water , tablespoons butter , lemon juice , and lemon zest . Cook on medium heat until bubbling and thickened . Stir constantly to avoid scorching . Serve with bread pudding . 
In a medium saucepan , stir together the flour , sugar , tapioca , vinegar , and the reserved pineapple juice . Cook over medium heat , stirring constantly , until thick . Remove from heat and chill . In a large bowl , combine the pineapple , apples , peanuts , and chilled tapioca mixture . Fold in the whipped topping and chill for at least hour before serving . 
In a large bowl , cream butter , brown sugar and egg . Mix until well blended . Slowly add flour and salt and mix well . Cover and refrigerate for at least one hour . Preheat oven to degrees F . Roll one inch pieces of dough into balls and place inches apart on cookie sheets . Flatten balls with the bottom of a glass dipped in flour . Press a pecan into top of dough . Bake to minutes until lightly colored . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Heat butter and chocolate over low heat , stirring constantly , until chocolate is melted ; cool slightly . With hand beater , beat eggs , sugar , salt , chocolate mixture and corn syrup . Stir in pecans and pour mixture into pie shell . Bake until set , to minutes . Cool slightly . Serve warm , or refrigerate and serve with nondairy whipped topping . 
In a microwave safe dish , combine caramels and water . Microwave for to / minutes or until smooth , stirring after each minute . Dip a pretzel rod into melted caramel . Reserve about an inch at the end to use as a handle , and spread smooth with a spatula or the back of a spoon . Attach chocolate pieces , then roll in chopped peanuts . Place on wax paper until set . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In small bowl , stir together all crust ingredients . Press on bottom and up sides of a inch pie plate . Bake for minutes . Cool completely . Mash enough strawberries to equal cup . In quart saucepan , combine sugar and cornstarch . Stir in mashed berries and water . Cook over medium heat , stirring constantly , until mixture thickens and comes to a full boil ( to minutes ) . Boil minute ; remove from heat . Stir in salt and almond extract ; cool minutes . Fill baked crust with remaining fresh strawberries ; pour cooked mixture over fresh berries . Refrigerate at least hours . Garnish with whipped cream and walnuts if desired . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Beat brown sugar , butter , eggs , and vanilla extract together in a bowl using an electric mixer until smooth and creamy . Whisk flour , baking powder , and salt together in a separate bowl . Stir flour mixture into butter mixture until dough is fully combined . Pour confectioners sugar onto a large plate . Spoon dough , / teaspoons per cookie , onto confectioners sugar and roll to coat . Arrange coated dough on a baking sheet . Bake in the preheated oven until edges are lightly browned , to minutes . Cool cookies on baking pan for minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely . 
In large bowl , with mixer at low speed , beat margarine or butter with cream cheese until blended and smooth . Beat in vanilla extract , salt , cup flour , and / cup sugar until blended . With spoon , stir in remaining flour . Divide dough into equal pieces . Wrap each with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm , at least hours or overnight . To Prepare Filling : In medium bowl , with spoon , stir walnuts , apricots , brown sugar , / cup plus tablespoons white sugar , and / teaspoon cinnamon until well mixed . Line large baking sheets with foil and grease foil . On lightly floured surface , with floured rolling pin , roll piece of chilled dough into a inch round , keeping remaining dough refrigerated . Spread dough with tablespoons raspberry preserves . Sprinkle with about / cup apricot filling ; gently press filling onto dough . With pastry wheel or sharp knife , cut dough into equal wedges . Starting at curved edge , roll up each wedge , jelly-roll fashion . Place cookies on foil-lined cookie sheet , point-side down , about / inch apart . Repeat with remaining dough , one-fourth at a time . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In cup , mix remaining tablespoons sugar with teaspoon cinnamon . With pastry brush , brush rugelach with milk . Sprinkle with cinnamon-sugar . Bake rugelach at degrees F ( degrees C ) on oven racks about to minutes until golden , rotating cookie sheets between upper and lower racks halfway through baking time . Immediately remove rugelach to wire racks to cool . Store in tightly covered container . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Mix the blackberries , peaches , cornstarch , and sugar in a large bowl . Press one of the pie crusts into the bottom of a inch pie pan . Pour the blackberry mixture into the pie crust . Cover with the remaining pie crust . Crimp the edges of the two crusts together to seal . Cut slits in the top of the pie to vent . Brush the top with the melted butter . Sprinkle the cinnamon and nutmeg over the top . Bake in preheated oven for minutes . Reduce the oven temperature to degrees F ( degrees C ) and continue to cook until top crust is golden brown , to minutes . 
Beat tablespoons milk with egg yolk in a small bowl . Set aside . Combine / cups milk and coconut milk in a saucepan over medium heat . When mixture just begins to steam , reduce heat to low . Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat . Stir in rice and cook for minute . Pour in / cup coconut milk mixture ; stir constantly until liquid is completely absorbed and rice is creamy . Repeat this process until the milk mixture is completely incorporated and the rice has a tender , yet slightly firm consistency , to minutes . Stir sugar and salt into the rice mixture . Remove from heat . Slowly whisk in egg yolk mixture until completely incorporated and the mixture is custard color , about minute . Whisk in vanilla . Cool pudding to room temperature , cover with plastic wrap , and refrigerate until well-chilled , at least hours . Garnish with mango and Chinese five-spice powder . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour a inch Bundt pan . In a large bowl , stir together cake mix and pudding mix . Crumble the dried tarragon into a fine powder and mix with the cake and pudding mixture . Make a well in the center and pour in lemon-lime soda , lemon juice , eggs and oil . Beat on low speed until blended . Scrape bowl , and beat minutes on medium speed . Pour batter into prepared pan . Bake in the preheated oven for to minutes , or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean . Let cool in pan for minutes , then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely . 
In a double boiler , whisk together the brown sugar , flour , and cornstarch . Add just enough milk to make a paste . Mix in beaten egg yolks , and then add the remainder of the milk . Cook slowly , stirring constantly ; when thick , remove from heat . Add butter or margarine and teaspoon vanilla . Pour the filling into the baked pie shell . In medium mixing bowl , beat egg whites until stiff . Beat in cream of tarter , white sugar , and teaspoon vanilla . Spread meringue over pie filling . Bake at degree F ( degrees C ) until meringue peaks turn a golden brown . 
In a large bowl , cream together the margarine , oil , white sugar and confectioners sugar until smooth . Beat in the eggs , one at a time then stir in the vanilla . Combine the flour , baking soda , cream of tartar and salt ; stir into the sugar mixture until just blended . Cover and chill dough for at least hours or overnight . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease cookie sheets . Roll the chilled dough into walnut sized balls and roll the balls in the remaining sugar . Place them inches apart onto the cookie sheets . Press into each ball with the open end of a plastic thread spool . Dip the spool into the sugar between each cookie to prevent sticking problems . Bake for to minutes in the preheated oven . Do not over bake or you will lose the delicate taste . Enjoy ! 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour a inch tube pan . Sift together the flour , baking powder , baking soda and salt . Set aside . In a large bowl , cream together cup butter , / cups white sugar and / cup brown sugar until light and fluffy . Beat in the eggs one at a time , then stir in the vanilla . Beat in the flour mixture alternately with the sour cream , mixing just until incorporated . Pour batter into prepared pan . Bake in the preheated oven for minutes , or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean . Remove cake from oven and immediately prick cake all over with a wooden pick to times . Pour butter sauce over cake . Allow cake to cool completely as cake is very fragile when warm . Run a knife around the edges of the pan and invert cooled cake onto a serving dish . Dust with powdered sugar . To make the Butter Sauce : Heat cup sugar , / cup butter , / cup water and tablespoon vanilla over medium heat until sugar dissolves , about minutes . Do not boil . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a large bowl , mix flour , tablespoon sugar and baking powder in a bowl . Cut in butter until mixture looks like coarse crumbs . Stir in tablespoons whipping cream and egg . Press in bottom of ungreased inch square pan and arrange plums over the top . Bake in the preheated oven for to minutes . While cake is baking , in a bowl , combine / cup whipping cream , / cup sugar , teaspoon vanilla and egg . Beat well , and pour mixture over plums and bake an additional to minutes or until custard is set . Serve warm or cool . Store in refrigerator . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a inch square baking pan . To make filling : In a small saucepan , combine dates , brown sugar , and water . Bring to a boil and cook , stirring constantly for minutes . Remove from heat . To make the crust : Combine flour , oats , brown sugar , baking powder , and salt in large bowl . Cut in shortening until mixture becomes crumbly . Press half of crust evenly into baking pan . Spread date mixture over the top . Crumble remaining crust mixture over the top of date mixture . Bake to minutes . Let cool on wire racks before cutting into bars . 
Boil raisins for to minutes , reserving raisin water . Cream margarine and sugar . Add eggs , oatmeal and tablespoons raisin water . Add flour , baking soda , spices and salt . Stir in raisins . Drop by a rounded teaspoonful onto cookie sheet . Bake degrees F ( degrees C ) for minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease cookie sheets . In a large bowl , cream together the shortening , brown sugar and white sugar until smooth . Beat in the eggs one at a time , then stir in the vanilla . Combine the flour , baking soda , salt , cinnamon , allspice and cloves ; stir into the sugar mixture until well blended . Mix in the rolled oats alternately with the milk . Finally , stir in the raisins . Drop by heaping spoonfuls inches apart onto the prepared cookie sheets . Bake in the preheated oven for to minutes , or until edges are golden and tops are dry . Cool on cookie sheets for minute before removing to cool on wire racks . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour or inch round cake pans . In a large bowl , cream together the shortening , / cup butter and cups sugar until light and fluffy . Add the eggs one at a time , beating well with each addition , then stir in the vanilla . Add the flour alternately with the cups milk ; beat well . Pour / cup of batter into each prepared pan , and spread evenly . You will need to bake the layers in two or three batches . Bake for to minutes in the preheated oven , just until the layers are dried out . Do not brown . To make the frosting : In a saucepan over medium heat , combine cups sugar , cup butter , cocoa , water and cups evaporated milk . Bring the mixture to a rolling boil , stirring frequently , then boil for minutes . Remove from heat and beat for one minute with an electric mixer . Stack cake layers with icing in between , letting the icing run down the sides of the cake . Smooth the sides and top with the remaining icing . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a small mixing bowl combine cream cheese , / cup sugar , and vanilla extract . Beat well , then add egg and mix until thoroughly combined . Spread onto the bottom of pie shell and set aside . In a medium bowl combine pumpkin , evaporated milk , / cup sugar , eggs , cinnamon , ginger , nutmeg , and salt . Mix well , then pour the mixture over the cream cheese layer . Bake in preheated oven for hour or until set in center . Cool , then brush top with maple syrup . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour inch round cake pan . In small bowl , combine brown sugar , / cup white sugar , cinnamon ; set aside . In medium bowl , cream butter and / cup sugar until light and fluffy ; beat in sour cream , vanilla and egg . In a separate bowl , mix flour , baking soda and salt ; add to creamed mixture . Blend well . Spread half of the batter in prepared pan ; add raisins . Sprinkle half of the topping mixture over the raisins . Spread remaining batter over top . Bake in preheated oven for to minutes , or until toothpick inserted into center of cake comes out clean . Serve warm . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease muffin cups or line with paper liners . Mix together vanilla cake mix , cup water , vegetable oil , and eggs in a mixing bowl with an electric mixer on low speed until cake mix is moist . Raise mixer speed to medium and beat until batter is smooth , minutes . Spoon batter into prepared muffin cups , filling them about / full . Bake in the preheated oven until cupcakes are very lightly browned and a toothpick inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean , to minutes . Cool cupcakes in the pans for minutes ; transfer cupcakes to cooling rack to finish cooling . Place raspberries , tablespoon water , and white sugar in a blender and pulse several times to chop raspberries ; blend until pureed , about seconds . Whisk cornstarch with / cup water until thoroughly combined ; pour mixture into the raspberry mixture in the blender and blend again until smooth . Pour raspberry mixture into a saucepan and simmer over low heat until thickened , about minutes . Let the raspberry filling cool . Cut a core out of each cupcake about / inches long and inch in diameter . Spoon about teaspoons raspberry filling into each cupcake . Place white chocolate chips in a microwave-safe bowl and heat in second intervals until chips begin to melt , about minute . Stir and repeat , heating chips about seconds at a time , until thoroughly melted . Stir until chocolate is smooth and no more lumps remain . Beat butter with an electric mixer on medium speed in a mixing bowl until fluffy . Beat in half the confectioners sugar , melted white chocolate chips , and milk until mixture is smooth and creamy . Slowly beat in remaining confectioners sugar until smooth ; if frosting is too stiff , beat in more milk , teaspoon at a time . Spread or pipe the white chocolate frosting over the cupcakes to cover the raspberry filling ; drizzle or pipe any remaining raspberry filling over cupcakes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease cookie sheets . In a medium bowl , cream together the margarine and white sugar until smooth . Stir in the egg and cup eggnog . Combine the flour , baking powder , baking soda and salt ; stir into the sugar mixture so it is well blended . Drop by rounded spoonfuls onto the prepared cookie sheet . Drop by rounded spoonfuls onto the prepared cookie sheets . Bake for to minutes in the preheated oven . Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely . To prepare the icing , put the confectioners sugar into a small bowl . Stir in the remaining eggnog one tablespoon at a time until the desired consistency is reached . Spread onto cooled cookies and let dry before serving . 
Check your coffee mugs to make sure each one holds / cups water . Place dry cake mix and dry pudding mix into a large bowl and blend well with a whisk . This will be about to / cups of dry mix and will make coffee cup cake mixes . Divide mix into small plastic bags ( about / cup each ) . Place mix into a corner of each bag and tie it there with a twist tie . Make glaze mix : in a medium bowl , combine confectioners sugar with powdered flavoring mix . Divide into small plastic bags and close bag with a twist tie . Attach each glaze mix to the cake mix bags with a twist tie . Place one of each bag into each cup . Attach the following instructions to each cup : Generously spray inside of cup with cooking spray . Empty contents of cake mix packet in cup . Add egg , tablespoon of oil , tablespoon water to dry mix . Mix seconds , carefully mixing in all dry mix . Microwave on full power for minutes . While cake is cooking , place ingredients from Glaze mix into a very small container and add / teaspoon water . Mix well . When cake is done , pour glaze over cake in cup . Enjoy while warm . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Beat eggs in a large bowl . Whisk sugar , cinnamon , salt , ginger , and cloves together in a separate bowl . Stir sugar mixture and pumpkin into eggs until completely incorporated . Gradually stir evaporated milk into pumpkin mixture . Add cup yellow cake mix to the pumpkin mixture and stir to remove any lumps . Pour mixture into a x-inch baking dish . Sprinkle remaining yellow cake mix over the top and drizzle butter over the cake mix . Bake in the preheated oven until set , about hour . Cool to room temperature and cut into bars . Top with whipped topping . 
Generously butter a x inch baking pan ( with sides ) . In a medium saucepan over medium heat , combine brown sugar , butter , white sugar , water , vinegar and salt . Cover and bring to a boil . Remove lid and heat , without stirring , to to degrees F ( to degrees C ) , or until a small amount of syrup dropped into cold water forms hard but pliable threads . Pour in vanilla , but do not stir . Remove from heat and pour into prepared pan . Let cool slightly before cutting into squares and allowing candy to cool completely . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Mix flour , butter and powdered sugar thoroughly . Press evenly into an ungreased x x inch or x x inch square pan . Make a little rim up the edges to hold in the filling . A quarter inch or so will do it . Bake minutes . Beat remaining ingredients about minutes of until light and fluffy . Pour over the hot crust , spreading it out evenly . Bake about minutes longer or until no imprint remains when touched lightly in the center . Remove from oven , sprinkle the extra powdered sugar on the top , if you like . Cool , cut into squares . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a baking sheet . Beat the margarine and / cup confectioners sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth . Beat in the egg , teaspoon vanilla extract , and the almond extract until completely incorporated . Mix in the pudding mix until smooth . Stir in the flour until just incorporated , then fold in the chocolate chips , mixing just enough to evenly combine . Form the cookie dough into inch balls , and place onto the prepared baking sheet . Use your thumb to make an indent into each cookie . Bake in the preheated oven until the edges are golden , to minutes . Allow the cookies to cool on the baking sheet for minute before removing to a wire rack to cool completely . While the cookies are cooling , prepare the filling by stirring / cups confectioners sugar in a bowl with teaspoon vanilla extract , milk , and food coloring . Add additional milk as needed to make the mixture smooth . Spoon a little of the green filling into each cooled cookie , and top with a candy kiss . 
In a small bowl , mix sugar and flour . Stir in coconut . In a larger bowl , beat eggs lightly . Mix in pineapple , and then coconut mixture . Add melted butter , and mix well . Pour filling into deep dish pie crust . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for to minutes . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) , or to the temperature recommended on the cake mix package . Prepare chocolate cake mix according to package directions , but do not bake . In separate bowl cream together cream cheese and sugar until smooth . Beat in the egg until well blended , then stir in chocolate chips . Line cupcake tins with cupcake papers . Fill / full with chocolate cake batter . Add teaspoon cream cheese mixture to the center , and top with more cake batter . Bake according to package directions for cupcakes . Cool and frost with chocolate or cream cheese frosting . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour muffin cups . Beat / cup brown sugar , white sugar , and / cup butter together in a bowl using an electric mixer until smooth and creamy . Add eggs ; beat until incorporated . Beat in pumpkin puree and water . Mix / cup flour , baking soda , salt , teaspoon cinnamon , ginger , and nutmeg in a separate bowl . Stir flour mixture into pumpkin mixture . Spoon batter into the prepared muffin cups . Combine / cup brown sugar , tablespoon flour , tablespoon butter , and / teaspoon cinnamon in a bowl using two forks until mixture is crumbly . Sprinkle streusel onto each muffin . Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the middle of a muffin comes out clean , to minutes . 
Stir milk into mashed avocado . Stir in lemon juice . Combine well , then pour into pie shell . Cover , and refrigerate at least hours . Serve with cool whip . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Mix cup flour , butter , and confectioners sugar together in a bowl ; pack the mixture firmly into the bottom of a inch square baking dish . Bake in preheated oven until the crust hardens slightly and is very fragrant , but not yet browned , about minutes . Whisk brown sugar , eggs , white sugar , / cup flour , and salt together in a bowl until completely smooth ; add rhubarb and stir to coat . Pour the rhubarb mixture over the crust . Bake in oven until the rhubarb mixture sets , about minutes ; cool at least minutes before cutting into bars . 
Prepare pudding mix according to package directions for pie filling . When pudding begins to boil , turn heat to low and mix in cream cheese and sugar . Stir until cream cheese is completely blended into mixture . Pour mixture into crust . Chill at least hour before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Cream together butter or margarine , brown sugar , vanilla , and sugar until fluffy . Add beaten eggs . Combine flour , baking soda , and salt . Add to cream mixture . Stir in candies . Drop by teaspoon on baking sheets about inches apart . Bake for minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a x inch loaf pan . Cream butter or margarine and sugar till light and fluffy . Add eggs and beat well . Mix together flour and baking soda ; blend into creamed mixture . Fold in buttermilk , vanilla , mango puree , and chopped nuts . Pour batter into prepared pan . Bake for to minutes , or until done . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour an x inch pan . In a medium bowl , sift together flour , baking soda , salt and cinnamon . Set aside . In a large bowl , combine eggs , buttermilk , oil , sugar and vanilla . Mix well . Add flour mixture and mix well . In a medium bowl , combine shredded carrots , coconut , walnuts , pineapple and raisins . Using a large wooden spoon or a very heavy whisk , add carrot mixture to batter and fold in well . Pour into prepared x inch pan , and bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for hour . Check with toothpick . Allow to cool for at least minutes before serving . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a cookie sheet . In a large bowl , mix together oil , sugar , eggs , and molasses . In another bowl , combine flours , baking powder , ginger , cinnamon , cloves , and nutmeg ; mix into egg mixture to form a stiff dough . Divide dough in half , and shape each half into a roll the length of the cookie . Place rolls on cookie sheet , and pat down to flatten the dough to / inch thickness . Bake in preheated oven for minutes . Remove from oven , and set aside to cool . When cool enough to touch , cut into / inch thick diagonal slices . Place sliced biscotti on cookie sheet , and bake an additional to minutes on each side , or until toasted and crispy . 
Sprinkle a flat work surface with / cup sugar ; unfold puff pastry over sugar and roll out to a x-inch rectangle . Brush pastry with butter . Mix / cup sugar , cinnamon , and cardamom in a small bowl ; sprinkle evenly over buttered pastry . Starting with a long edge of the pastry , roll pastry tightly around filling , stopping in the middle . Repeat with the opposite edge , meeting the first roll . Put a little water onto your finger and dot along the long edges that come together ; press gently so the two rolled edges stay together . Refrigerate until slightly firm , to minutes . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a baking sheet with parchment paper . Cut pastry into / inch slices . Arrange slices on prepared baking sheet about inch apart . Bake in preheated oven until golden and crisp , about minutes . Allow cookies to rest on baking sheet for minute before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spray one inch bundt pan with non-stick cooking spray . Combine the cake mix , instant vanilla pudding , eggs , milk , oil , Southern Comfort and chopped walnuts . Beat for minutes . Then pour batter into the prepared pan . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for hour to hour and minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the cake comes out clean . Let cake cool in pan for minutes then invert onto a cake dish and enjoy . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour a inch Bundt pan . Sift together the flour , baking powder , salt , cinnamon , cloves and nutmeg . Set aside . In a large bowl , cream together the shortening and sugar until light and fluffy . Beat in the eggs one at a time . Add the flour mixture alternately with the potatoes and milk . Stir in nuts and raisins . Pour into a inch Bundt pan . Bake in the preheated oven for to minutes , or until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean . 
In a large bowl , cream together the margarine and sugar until smooth . Stir in the oats , cocoa and vanilla until well blended then stir in the coffee . Roll the dough into balls slightly smaller than a ping pong ball . Pour the pearl sugar into a saucer and roll the balls in the sugar . Refrigerate cookies for hour before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease an x inch baking pan . In a medium-size mixing bowl , blend eggs , sugar , and butter . Mix in matzo meal , cocoa powder and walnuts ( if desired ) . Transfer batter to prepared baking pan . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for minutes . In a small mixing bowl , blend chocolate , butter or margarine and water . Spread over cooled brownies . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour inch cake pans . In a bowl , sift together the cake flour , chocolate pudding mix , cocoa powder , and salt . In a large bowl , beat / cup of butter with / cup of sugar with an electric mixer until creamy ; beat the eggs in , one at a time , and beat until the mixture is fluffy , about minute . Beat in the flour mixture , alternating with buttermilk , in several additions . Mix in teaspoon of vanilla extract and the red food color until the batter is uniformly colored . In a bowl , stir the baking soda with vinegar , and gently fold the foamy mixture gently into the batter . Pour the batter into the prepared cake pans . Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of a cake comes out clean or with moist crumbs , about minutes . Allow to cool completely before frosting . For frosting , place all-purpose flour in a saucepan , and gradually whisk milk into the flour , about tablespoons at a time , until smoothly combined . Bring the mixture to a simmer over medium-low heat , whisking constantly until thickened and smooth ; allow to cool completely . Beat cup of sugar and cup of butter in a bowl with an electric mixer until fluffy , about minute , and gradually beat in the cooled milk mixture ; add teaspoon of vanilla extract . Beat the frosting until fluffy and spreadable , to more minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a x inch baking dish . In a medium bowl , cream the white sugar and shortening together . Stir in the molasses and honey . Sift together the flour , baking soda , cinnamon , ginger , and cloves ; add to the creamed mixture and mix until well blended . Finally , stir in the raisins . Press the batter evenly into the prepared baking pan . Bake for to minutes in the preheated oven , bars should turn golden brown . Top will appear smooth and dry to the touch . Meanwhile make the icing . In a smaller bowl , stir the confectioners sugar together with the milk and vanilla . Drizzle over the spice bars while they are still warm . Allow cookies to cool before cutting . 
Line baking sheets or counter tops with waxed paper . In a double boiler heat confectioners coating until melted , stirring constantly until smooth . Pour in white chocolate chips and stir until smooth . Stir in peanuts and almond toffee bits . Remove from heat and drop by rounded spoonfuls onto waxed paper . Cool for an hour , or until hardened . 
Lightly grease a x inch pan and line with waxed paper , smoothing out wrinkles ; set aside . Place the semisweet chocolate and teaspoon of the canola oil in the top of a double boiler over just barely simmering water , stirring frequently and scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching . When the chocolate is melted , stir in / teaspoon of the peppermint extract . Pour the melted chocolate into the prepared pan , and spread evenly over the bottom of the pan . Sprinkle half of the crushed peppermints over the chocolate layer . Refrigerate until completely hardened , about hour . Place the white chocolate and the remaining teaspoon canola oil in the top of a double boiler over just barely simmering water , stirring frequently and scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching . When the chocolate is melted , stir in the remaining / teaspoon peppermint extract . Pour the white chocolate directly over the semisweet chocolate layer ; spread evenly . Sprinkle the remaining crushed candy over the top and gently press in . Refrigerate until completely hardened . Remove from pan ; break into small pieces to serve . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease cookie sheets . In a large bowl , cream together the butter , white sugar and brown sugar until smooth . Mix in the applesauce , eggs , orange juice and orange zest one at a time , mixing well after each . Combine the flour , baking soda , cinnamon and nutmeg ; gradually stir into the orange mixture . Fold in oats and cranberries . Drop by rounded spoonfuls onto the prepared cookie sheets . Bake for to minutes in the preheated oven . Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Butter a x-inch baking dish . Place the pastry sheets in the baking dish and place the dish in the oven . Watch it closely . When the top layer turns crunchy and golden , remove it from the oven . Continue until all the sheets are cooked . Preheat the ovens broiler . In a bowl , combine walnuts , pecans , hazelnuts , raisins , coconut and / cup sugar . Break cooked pastry into pieces and stir into nut mixture . Spread mixture evenly in x-inch dish . Bring milk and / cup sugar to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat . Pour over nut mixture . Beat the heavy cream with the remaining / cup sugar until stiff peaks form . Spread evenly over nut mixture in dish . Place dessert under oven broiler until top is golden brown , about minutes . Serve hot . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line the sides of one inch springform pan with lady fingers then line the bottom with lady fingers ( cutting lady fingers , if necessary ) . Cream the cream cheese and sugar together . Add the eggs , one at a time , beating after each addition . Stir in the extracts and fold in the sour cream . Pour batter into the prepared pan . Cover tops of lady fingers with foil . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for to minutes , until almost set in the middle . Remove cake from oven and let stand for / hour , then remove sides of pan . Place in the refrigerator for at least hours . Before serving top with canned pie filling . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease cookie sheets or line with parchment paper . Melt unsweetened chocolate in top of double boiler or hot , not boiling water . Remove from heat ; let cool . Cream butter , melted chocolate and sugar in large bowl until blended . Add egg and vanilla ; beat until light . Blend in flour , baking soda , chocolate chips and macadamia nuts . Drop dough by rounded teaspoonfuls inches apart onto prepared cookie sheets . Bake to minutes or until firm . DO NOT OVERBAKE . Remove to wire racks to cool . 
In a medium bowl , cream together the margarine , eggs and confectioners sugar ; beat for minutes . Spread evenly in the graham cracker crusts . In each crust , place banana slices on top of sugar mixture ; spread pineapple on bananas . Spoon a little of the reserved juice over fruit . Spoon whipped topping over fruit ; garnish with cherries and pecans . Chill before serving . 
Mix / cup corn flakes , coconut , peanut butter and honey together . Shape into small balls and roll them in the remaining cornflakes . These cookies can be put in the fridge to firm up . They also freeze well . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease cookie sheets . Melt butter or margarine over low heat . In a separate bowl , beat together the eggs , sugar , sour cream , and vanilla . Mix in the melted butter and stir until well blended . Sift together the flour , baking soda , and nutmeg and add to egg mixture , stirring constantly . Drop by teaspoonfuls onto cookie sheets , about inch apart . Bake for minutes , or until lightly browned . 
In the top of a double boiler , melt the chocolate and butterscotch chips . In a large bowl , combine the raisins , peanuts , marshmallows and chow mein noodles . Add melted chocolate mixture and quickly mix well . Drop by tablespoons onto wax paper ; allow to sit until hardened . 
Spray a x inch baking pan with nonstick spray ; set aside . Melt the peanut butter , butter , and marshmallows in a saucepan over medium heat , stirring until smooth . Stir in the honey . Remove from heat ; stir in the honey graham cereal . Press the mixture evenly into the prepared pan with a greased spatula . Allow to cool ; cut into squares to serve . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease baking sheets . Combine shortening , brown sugar , egg , milk , and vanilla in large bowl . Beat at medium speed until creamy . Combine oats , flour , baking soda , salt and cinnamon . Mix into creamed mixture until just blended . Stir in nuts . Drop by rounded tablespoon onto baking sheet two inches apart and place caramel in center-do not press down . Bake ten to twelve minutes or until light brown around edges and caramel is completely melted . 
Melt butter or margarine in x inch pan . Mix together the flour , sugar , and milk . Pour mixture into the pan . Spread peaches , including syrup , evenly around the pan . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for to minutes , until the crust turns golden brown . Let cool for about minutes before serving . 
Sprinkle the unflavored gelatin over / cup of dark rum and allow to soften for minutes . Meanwhile , stir together / cups of whipping cream , brown sugar , and espresso powder in a saucepan over medium-high heat . Bring to a simmer , stirring until brown sugar has dissolved . Remove from heat , then whisk in gelatin mixture until dissolved . Whisk in the coconut milk , vanilla extract , and sour cream until smooth . Evenly divide the mixture between eight / cup custard cups or molds , cover each with plastic wrap , and chill at least hours to overnight . Bring / cup whipping cream and corn syrup to a simmer over medium-high heat . Once simmering , remove from heat , and stir in the chocolate until melted and smooth , about minutes . Stir in tablespoon of rum and set aside . To serve , run a knife around the edge of each mold , then set each cup into a shallow bowl of hot water for seconds to loosen . Invert the mold over a serving plate and remove the panna cotta . Spoon chocolate sauce around each panna cotta and garnish with a sprig of mint . 
Bring milk , sugar , and vanilla extract to a boil in a saucepan over high heat . Reduce heat to medium-low , and continue cooking , and continuously stirring until the milk has thickened and turned a caramel color , about hour or more . Stir in baking soda . Continue cooking until the caramelized milk has reached a pudding consistency . Pour manjar into a bowl and cool completely in the refrigerator . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease cookie sheets . Combine flour and margarine in a medium size mixing bowl . Mix in sugar , cinnamon and baking powder . Stir the egg into the mixture . Once the egg is well incorporated stir in the coconut , raisins and vanilla . Drop the dough in rough heaps the size of an egg onto cookie sheets . Bake minutes or until lightly browned . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Butter and dust with flour a inch bundt tin . Cream the butter or margarine till light and fluffy . Beat in the condensed milk . Combine the flour , cocoa powder , baking powder , and baking soda ; mix into the creamed mixture alternately with the cola . Bake for minutes , or until the cake tests done . 
Beat cup butter and sugars until light and fluffy in large bowl . Beat in eggs . Beat in crushed pineapple , carrots , raisins and vanilla . Stir together flour , baking soda , cinnamon , ginger and salt in medium bowl . Gradually add to pineapple mixture and beat until well blended . Pour into inch greased and floured cake pans . Bake at degrees F minutes or until toothpick inserted comes out clean . Cool in pans minutes . Remove from pans ; cool completely on wire racks . Beat cream cheese with remaining / cup butter until smooth . Beat in powdered sugar , lemon peel and juice until smooth . Spread frosting over cakes . Garnish with additional crushed pineapple and grated carrots , if desired . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a medium bowl , combine graham cracker crumbs , chopped walnuts , brown sugar , cinnamon , nutmeg and melted butter . Mix well and press into the bottom of a inch springform pan . Bake in preheated oven for minutes . Remove from oven and allow to cool . In a large bowl , beat cream cheese and sugar together until smooth . Beat in sour cream and heavy cream . Blend in the flour and vanilla . With mixer on low speed , add eggs one at a time . Pour batter over crust . Bake in the preheated oven for to minutes , or until center is almost set ( filling will be soft ) . Refrigerate at least hours or overnight before removing from pan . 
In a saucepan , combine butter and sweetened condensed milk . Bring to a boil , then remove from heat . Stir in chocolate chips and butterscotch chips until melted . Stir in nuts , marshmallows and vanilla . Drop by spoonfuls onto waxed paper . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a x inch baking pan with wax paper . In a medium saucepan over low heat , place the mango with enough water to cover . Cook minutes , or until soft . Remove from heat , drain , and set aside . In a large bowl , mix cup flour and / cup confectioners sugar . Cut in butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs . Press into the prepared baking pan to make a crust . Bake crust minutes in the preheated oven , until lightly browned . In a medium bowl , thoroughly blend mango , brown sugar , / cup flour , eggs , mixed nuts , baking powder , lemon extract , and salt . Transfer to the prepared crust . Cover , and bake minutes in the preheated oven until filling is set . Cool slightly before dusting with remaining confectioners sugar . Cut into squares to serve . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease or line baking sheets with parchment paper . In a medium sized bowl mix the shortening , applesauce , white sugar , brown sugar , egg and vanilla . Beat until well combined . In another bowl combine the infant cereal , flour , baking soda , salt and wheat germ . Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients and mix well . Spoon tablespoonfuls of dough onto the prepared baking sheets . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for to minutes or until just set . Let cool on wire racks before storing . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease two cup muffin tins . Sift flour , cups white sugar , cocoa powder , baking powder , and salt together in a large bowl . Beat vegetable oil , buttermilk , eggs , and teaspoon vanilla extract into the flour mixture using an electric hand mixer on medium until smooth , about minutes . Stir baking soda and hot water together in a small bowl ; mix into batter . Pour batter into muffin cups to / full . Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center of a cupcake comes out clean , about minutes . Cool in the pans for minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack . Beat shortening , / cup white sugar , milk , tablespoon water , teaspoon vanilla extract , and salt together in a bowl using an electric hand mixer until smooth , to minutes . Add confectioners sugar ; beat until fully incorporated , to minutes . Insert frosting into cupcakes using a pastry tube fitted with a rosette tip . Frost the tops of cupcakes with remaining frosting . 
Beat egg whites until they form stiff peaks , and then add cream of tartar , vanilla extract , and almond extract . Sift together flour , sugar , and salt . Repeat five times . Gently combine the egg whites with the dry ingredients , and then pour into an ungreased inch tube pan . Place cake pan in a cold oven . Turn the oven on ; set it to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Cook for about one hour , or until cake is golden brown . Invert cake , and allow it to cool in the pan . When thoroughly cooled , remove from pan . 
Melt chocolate chips in double boiler . Remove from heat . Beat butter and sugar till creamy . Add egg and syrup , mix well . Stir in melted chocolate . Add all dry ingredients and mix well . Roll dough into / inch balls and roll in sugar . Place inches apart on a ungreased cookie sheet . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for minutes . Let cool briefly before removing from pan . 
In a large bowl combine crushed vanilla wafers , ground pecans , cocoa and chocolate chips . Stir in corn syrup and rum ; mix well into a thick dough . Coat palms of hand with confectioners sugar and roll dough into balls no larger than a quarter . Place on a cookie sheet , foil or wax paper to dry . Let balls dry for hour . Roll in confectioners sugar and seal in airtight containers . 
In a small bowl , dissolve yeast in warm water with / teaspoon of sugar . Let sit until creamy ; about minutes . In a large bowl , mix together melted margarine , evaporated milk , sour cream and yeast mixture . Stir in the egg yolks . Combine the flour , salt and tablespoons sugar ; stir into the wet mixture , then knead until the dough no longer sticks to your hands . Cover dough and refrigerate overnight . To make the filling , beat egg whites until soft peaks form . Mix in sugar , ground walnuts and vanilla . Stir in milk tablespoon at a time until filling reaches a spreadable consistency . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Cut dough into baseball sized portions . Dust a clean dry surface with confectioners sugar . Roll the dough out to / to / inch in thickness . Spread with filling , then cut into wedges like a pizza . Roll up wedges from the outside into the point . Brush with remaining milk and place inch apart on a cookie sheet . Bake for to minutes in the preheated oven , until golden brown . 
Prepare lime , orange , and cherry flavored gelatins separately , according to package directions , using cup boiling water and / cup cold water for each . Pour each into a separate x-inch pan . Refrigerate until firm . In medium bowl , combine lemon gelatin , sugar and remaining cup boiling water . Stir until gelatin and sugar are dissolved . Stir in pineapple juice and chill in refrigerator until slightly thickened . Cut firm gelatin into / inch cubes . Prepare whipped topping according to package directions . In a large bowl , combine whipped topping with lemon gelatin-pineapple juice mixture . Fold in cubed gelatin and pour into mold . Chill hours or overnight before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a baking sheet . Beat butter and sugar in a bowl until creamy . Stir in flour , vanilla extract , baking powder , and baking soda until dough is well mixed . Drop spoonfuls of dough inches apart onto prepared baking sheet . Bake in preheated oven until lightly browned , to minutes . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease an x inch baking dish . Spread the blueberries out to cover the entire bottom of the baking dish . Squeeze the juice from the lemon over them . In a medium bowl , stir together the butter and / cups sugar until smooth . Stir in flour and baking powder alternately with the milk until smooth . Batter will be thin . Spoon over the berries , and spread evenly . In a small bowl , stir together / cups of sugar , salt , and cornstarch . Sprinkle over the top of the batter . Dust with a pinch of cinnamon , then pour the boiling water over the entire dish . Bake for minutes in the preheated oven , or until golden brown . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line two cookie sheets with parchment paper , or you may use ungreased cookie sheets . In a medium bowl , cream together the shortening and sugar until smooth . Beat in the egg and molasses . Combine the flour , baking soda , salt , cinnamon , ginger and cloves ; stir into the batter until it forms a dough . The dough may seem a bit crumbly , but that is ok . Keep mixing and it will come together . Remove dough from the bowl , and knead for a few turns . Pat out into a square , and divide into equal pieces . Roll each piece out into a inch long log . Place logs onto each cookie sheet . Wet the tops of the logs with a little bit of water using your fingertips , then sprinkle with sugar . Bake for to minutes in the preheated oven . Allow the cookies to cool for a couple of minutes , then slice the bars diagonally into inch pieces using a knife or pizza cutter . Remove from cookie sheets to cool on wire racks . When completely cool , store in an airtight container at room temperature . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Beat white sugar and / cup softened butter together in a bowl using an electric mixer until smooth and creamy ; mix in / cup milk , egg , and / teaspoons vanilla extract . Stir flour , / cup cocoa powder , baking powder , and salt into creamed butter mixture until dough is just combined ; fold in cup candy-coated peanut butter pieces . Drop dough , to tablespoons per cookie , onto a baking sheet . Bake in the preheated oven until edges of cookies are crisp , to minutes . Allow cookies to cool on pans for to minutes before transferring to wire racks to cool completely . Beat tablespoons melted butter and tablespoons cocoa powder together in a bowl using an electric mixer until smooth and creamy ; beat in confectioners sugar , tablespoons milk , and / teaspoon vanilla extract until frosting is fluffy and smooth . Frost cookies and decorate with more candy-coated peanut butter pieces . 
In a heavy saucepan over medium-high heat , bring the sugar and corn syrup to a boil , and let cook for minutes . Remove from heat and stir in peanut butter . Mix in the cornflakes and if desired , sesame seeds . Drop spoonfuls onto waxed paper and let cool until set . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Butter and flour ( inch ) madeleine molds ; set aside . Melt butter and let cool to room temperature . In a small mixing bowl , beat eggs , vanilla and salt at high speed until light . Beating constantly , gradually add sugar ; and continue beating at high speed until mixture is thick and pale and ribbons form in bowl when beaters are lifted , to minutes . Sift flour into egg mixture / at a time , gently folding after each addition . Add lemon zest and pour melted butter around edge of batter . Quickly but gently fold butter into batter . Spoon batter into molds ; it will mound slightly above tops . Bake to minutes , or until cakes are golden and the tops spring back when gently pressed with your fingertip . Use the tip of the knife to loosen madeleines from pan ; invert onto rack . Immediately sprinkle warm cookies with granulated sugar . Madeleines are best eaten the day theyre baked . Leftover madeleines are wonderful when dunked into coffee or tea . Variation : Chocolate Madeleines : Omit lemon zest . Increase sugar to / cup . Substitute / cup unsweetened cocoa powder for tablespoons of the flour ; sift into batter with flour . 
To make Pastry : Combine / cup butter , white sugar , vanilla and the egg in a double boiler over low heat . Stir until thick . Add the graham cracker crumbs , coconut and nuts and mix well . Pour into baking pan and let cool . To prepare Filling : In medium-sized bowl , dissolve the instant coffee in the hot coffee . Mix in powdered sugar , cocoa , / cup of butter and milk . Spread filling over pastry and chill for minutes . To prepare Topping : Melt white chocolate in double boiler over low heat . Spread over filling and cut into squares . Store in refrigerator . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease several baking sheets . Whisk the flour , baking soda , baking powder , salt , teaspoons cinnamon , allspice , cloves , nutmeg , and ginger in a bowl ; set aside . Beat together cup white sugar , brown sugar , molasses , butter , canola oil , applesauce , water , egg substitute , and vanilla extract in a large bowl until evenly combined . Stir in the flour mixture to make a soft , thick , not-very-sticky dough . Cover and refrigerate at least minutes . Stir / teaspoons cinnamon together with / teaspoons white sugar in a small bowl ; set aside . Roll the dough on a heavily floured surface to a thickness of / inch . Cut into shapes using a cookie cutter . Place the cookies onto the prepared baking sheets , and sprinkle with the cinnamon sugar mixture . Bake in the preheated oven until the edges are golden , and the bottoms are slightly darker than the tops , to minutes . Remove the cookies from the baking sheets immediately , and place on a wire rack to cool . After minutes of cooling , they should be hard , like typical gingerbread cookies , but still slightly bendable , and soft on the inside . 
Combine pumpkin , sugar , vegetable oil , and egg . In a separate bowl , stir together flour , baking powder , ground cinnamon , and salt . Dissolve the baking soda with the milk and stir in . Add flour mixture to pumpkin mixture and mix well . Add vanilla , chocolate chips and nuts . Drop by spoonful on greased cookie sheet and bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for approximately minutes or until lightly brown and firm . 
Stir together the flours , baking powder , cinnamon , and salt . In a large bowl , cream the butter or margarine with the sugars . Beat in the eggs , and then the citrus peels and juices . Stir in the carrots . Beat the flour mixture into the carrot mixture . Stir in the walnuts and raisins . Turn the batter into a greased and floured tube pan . Bake at degrees F ( degrees ) for about minutes , or until it tests done with a toothpick . Transfer to a rack to cool . 
In a small saucepan mix wine and sugar , and bring to a boil . Let boil for minutes and then remove from heat . Let cool . Puree strawberries and wine mixture in a blender or food processor . Blend until very smooth and then stir in orange juice . Chill for at least hours before serving . 
In a medium bowl , whisk together the egg , sugar , instant pudding , milk , half and half and vanilla . Pour the mixture into a ounce size coffee can . Cover the top with plastic wrap , and then the plastic lid . Place the filled coffee can into an empty . ounce coffee can ( the big ones ) . Fill the empty space with crushed ice , sprinkle generously with rock salt , and cover with the plastic lid . Roll the cans around on the floor for about minutes . If the center of the ice cream is still soft , place the containers in the freezer to harden . 
In a large bowl , combine the whipped topping , marshmallows , coconut , pineapple , cherries and milk . Mix together well and refrigerate until chilled . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a x inch baking pan . Melt white chocolate and butter in the top of a double boiler , over barely simmering water . Stir occasionally until smooth . Set aside to cool . In a large bowl , using an electric mixer , beat eggs until foamy . With the mixer still running , gradually add the sugar and vanilla . Drizzle in the melted white chocolate mixture . Combine the flour and salt ; fold into the white chocolate mixture using a rubber spatula or wooden spoon . Fold in chocolate chips . Spread the batter evenly into the prepared pan . Bake for minutes in the preheated oven , or until a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean . Cool pan on a wire rack before cutting into bars . 
Whisk water , rose water , milk powder , sugar , and cornstarch together in a saucepan until smooth . Place over medium heat , stirring with a wooden spoon , and cook until it begins to boil ; cook at a boil for minutes . Remove from heat immediately ; stir a few times to help it cool . Divide the mixture between small serving glasses ; refrigerate until set , about hours . 
Combine water and rice in a bowl . Let soak , at least minutes . Bring water and rice to a boil in a saucepan . Reduce heat to medium-low , cover , and simmer until rice is tender and liquid has been absorbed , to minutes . Stir milk , sugar , salt , and cinnamon stick into the saucepan . Simmer until thick and the consistency of pudding , about minutes . Discard cinnamon stick before serving . 
Heat butter in a skillet over medium-low heat ; cook and stir butter until foamy and butter begins to turn brown and fragrant , about minutes . Remove skillet from heat , pour butter into a thick glass or metal bowl , and cool to room temperature , about minutes . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a baking sheet with parchment paper . Mix flour , cornstarch , baking powder , baking soda , and salt together in a bowl . Stir brown sugar into cooled butter and mix until well blended ; add eggs and vanilla extract and mix well . Slowly stir flour mixture into butter mixture just until dough is mixed . Form dough into small balls and slightly flatten with your hand or fork . Arrange cookies on the prepared baking sheet . Bake in the preheated oven until tops of cookies are firm and edges are golden , to minutes . Cool cookies on baking sheet for minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely . 
Lightly grease a small ( quart ) slow cooker . Combine brown sugar , baking mix , cinnamon , nutmeg , cloves , and ginger in a food processor . Pulse to times to mix . Add butter , evaporated milk , and eggs , and pulse until combined , to pulses . Pour in pumpkin puree , applesauce , and vanilla extract and process until smooth , about seconds . Pour the pumpkin mixture into the prepared slow cooker . Heat on Low until very thick , about hours . 
Cream together all ingredients except cornflakes and cherries . Chill dough for one hour . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Roll into inch balls , then roll balls into crumbs . Place on parchment-lined sheets , top each cookie with a cherry . Bake for minutes ; minutes on middle rack , minutes on top rack . 
Combine peanut butter , honey , vanilla extract , and confectioners sugar in a mixing bowl . Mix with an electric mixer thoroughly . Combine flour and brown sugar , and fold into the peanut butter mixture . Fold peanut butter chips into the pie filling . In a microwave-safe bowl , microwave chocolate chips until melted . Stir occasionally until chocolate is smooth . Spread chocolate evenly over the bottom of the graham cracker crust . Pour the pie filling into the crust , spreading it evenly . Chill and serve . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a cookie sheet . In a large bowl , stir together custard powder and flour . Cut in butter . Make a well in the center and pour in the eggs , milk and vanilla extract ; mix just until blended . Drop dough by spoonfuls onto the cookie sheet to form rounds . Make well in the center with the back of a small spoon , and fill with strawberry jam . Bake in preheated oven for minutes , or until golden brown . Move to a wire rack to cool . 
Place the sweet potatoes in a saucepan , and stir in tablespoon of cinnamon . Cook and stir over medium heat until most of the juice has evaporated . Stir in the marshmallows just until partly melted . Remove from heat , and set aside to cool . Once the sweet potato mixture is cool , stir in the confectioners sugar and flour . Add more sugar to taste if desired . Cut each tortilla in half , and spread a thin layer of butter on each side . Place tablespoon of the sweet potato filling onto the center of each one running parallel to the cut edge , then fold in the sides , and roll up from the straight edge to seal in the filling . Heat about inch oil in a large heavy skillet to about degrees F ( degrees C ) . Fry chimichangas until light golden brown , turning as needed . Remove to paper towels to drain . The tortillas will darken a little after they are removed . Mix together the remaining cinnamon and sugar . Sprinkle over the chimichangas while warm . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Dissolve the ammonia in the milk , and set aside . In a large bowl , cream together the lard and sugar until smooth . Mix in the lemon oil , eggs , and salt . Stir in the milk alternately with the flour to form a soft but manageable dough . Roll the dough into walnut sized balls . Place inches apart onto an ungreased cookie sheet . Flatten the cookies using the bottom of a glass dipped in sugar . Bake for to minutes in the preheated oven , or until firm . Remove from cookie sheets to cool on wire racks . 
Cut the zucchini in half lengthwise and scrape out the seeds . Cut the zucchini into chunks and place into a blender along with the lemon juice , lemon zest , sugar , and mint . Puree until smooth , then strain into a bowl through a mesh strainer . Cover , and refrigerate hours until cold . Pour the mixture into an ice cream maker and freeze according to manufacturers directions to your desired consistency . 
In a small bowl , mix together the custard powder and / cup of the milk ; set aside . Sprinkle the sugar into a saucepan over medium heat . When the sugar begins to caramelize , add the remaining milk and coffee to the pan , and bring to a boil . At this stage , the caramel will become very crusty . Reduce heat to low , and cook until the sugar dissolves , about minutes . Stir in the custard powder mixture , and cook , stirring until the custard thickens . Remove from heat , and whisk in the egg yolk . In a clean glass or metal bowl , whip the egg white until soft peaks form . Fold the egg white carefully into the custard mixture . Transfer to a serving dish and refrigerate until firm . 
In a large bowl , cream together the sugar and shortening until smooth . Stir in the molasses and vanilla . Combine the flour , cinnamon , baking soda and salt ; stir into the mixture alternately with the sour milk . Cover the dough and chill for at least one hour . Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease cookie sheets . On a lightly floured surface , roll out about / of the dough to / inch in thickness . Cut into circles about inches in diameter using a cookie cutter or drinking glass . Place cookies inches apart onto the prepared cookies sheets . Place a raisin onto the center of each cookie . Bake for to minutes in the preheated oven , or until lightly browned . Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour an inch round cake pan . Mix strawberries and tablespoons brown sugar together in a bowl . Mix flour , / cup brown sugar , baking powder , baking soda , and salt in a separate large bowl . Whisk yogurt , melted butter , vanilla extract , and egg in a third bowl . Stir yogurt mixture , alternating with milk , into flour mixture until just moistened . Spoon / of the batter into the prepared pan ; spread strawberry mixture evenly over batter . Top with remaining batter . Sprinkle almonds over batter . Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the middle of the cake comes out clean , about minutes . Let cool in pan atop a wire rack for minutes . Run a knife around the edge of the pan before transferring cake to a serving platter . 
Mix cake mix , eggs , shortening , and water in medium size bowl ; mix with a spoon . Chill for hour . Shape dough into balls , roll in powdered sugar . Place on cookie sheet and bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for minutes ; or until brown . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Sift flour , baking soda , and salt together in a bowl . Beat peanut butter , butter , white sugar , and brown sugar together in a bowl using an electric mixer until smooth and creamy . Beat eggs , at a time , into creamed butter , beating well before adding next egg ; mix in vanilla extract and almond extract . Slowly stir flour mixture into creamed butter mixture until fully incorporated ; fold in oats using a wooden spoon . Roll dough into inch balls and arrange inch apart on a baking sheet . Press a fork into each cookie if desired . Bake in the preheated oven until cookies are lightly browned , to minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line baking sheets with parchment paper and lightly grease with coconut oil . Stir applesauce and baking soda together in a large bowl until baking soda dissolves . Mix in almond flour , crystallized sugar cane juice , pecans , cranberries , eggs , coconut flour , ground cinnamon , and cake spice . Drop spoonfuls of the dough inches apart onto prepared baking sheets . Bake in the preheated oven until set , about minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line cupcake cups with paper liners . Whisk together the flour , sugar , baking powder , and salt in a large mixing bowl . With a pastry cutter , chop the shortening into the dry ingredients until the mixture becomes crumbly , then beat in the egg whites , vanilla extract , and cup of milk to make a smooth batter . Spoon batter into the paper-lined cupcake cups , filling them about / full . Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean , to minutes . Allow cupcakes to cool completely . In a bowl , beat together the pudding mix and cups of skim milk until the pudding is thickened , about minutes . Allow to stand for minutes to finish thickening . Spoon the pudding into a pastry bag with a medium tip . To fill and decorate cupcakes , use a thin paring knife to cut a small hole , about / inch in diameter , into the top of a cupcake . Insert the knife about / of the way down into the cupcake , and remove the core . Use the pastry bag to fill the hole with pudding , piping in enough pudding to fill the hole flush with the top of the cupcake . Frost the tops of the filled cupcakes with light whipped cream , spreading it into a smooth layer . Place a blueberry in the center of each cupcake . Around the blueberry , arrange slices of strawberry , pointed ends outward , to make a star shape . Store in refrigerator . 
Grease a inch square baking dish with cooking spray . Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat . Stir in brown sugar and vanilla extract . Add oats and cook over low heat until combined , to minutes . Spread / of the oat mixture into the prepared pan . Melt chocolate chips with peanut butter in small heavy saucepan over low heat , stirring frequently until smooth , about minutes . Pour chocolate mixture over oat layer and spread evenly . Crumble remaining oat mixture over chocolate , pressing in gently . Cover with plastic wrap and chill until set , to hours or overnight . Bring to room temperature before cutting into bars . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a x-inch baking dish . Beat eggs , sugar , vanilla extract , and cinnamon together in a large bowl until smooth ; add ricotta cheese and mix well . Pour mixture into the prepared baking dish . Bake in the preheated oven until set , about hour . Cool for minutes before serving . 
Combine rhubarb , apples , / cup white sugar , and water together in a saucepan ; bring to a boil . Cook and stir rhubarb mixture until rhubarb is tender and compote is thickened , about minutes . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease an inch square baking dish . Mix / cup white sugar , / cup margarine , egg , and vanilla extract together in a bowl . Stir milk and stir into the sugar mixture . Whisk flour , baking powder , and salt together in a separate bowl . Mix flour mixture into wet mixture until batter is just moistened ; pour into the prepared baking dish . Spoon enough compote over cake to make about / inch-thick layer , reserving any leftover compote for another use . Stir oats , / cup margarine , / cup white sugar , and cinnamon together in a bowl until crumbly ; sprinkle over compote layer . Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the middle of the cake comes out clean , to minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour an inch pan . In a medium bowl , beat together the eggs and cup of sugar . Combine the flour , baking powder and salt , stir into the egg mixture . Then , stir in the dates , walnuts and vanilla . Pour into the prepared pan . Bake for to minutes in the preheated oven . Cool on the pan on a wire rack . When the cake is cooled , break into bite sized pieces . Stir the cake pieces together with the oranges , bananas and remaining sugar . Press into a medium sized bowl and chill for several hours . Invert cake onto a serving plate . Whip the heavy cream with the confectioners sugar and vanilla until stiff . Spread over the entire cake . 
Line an angel food pan with parchment paper and brush with melted butter . Cream butter or margarine , and then beat in sugar . Beat in eggs one at a time , beating well after each addition . Stir in extract . Mix in flour , baking powder , and salt . Stir in raisins , cherries , pineapple , and mixed peel . Cover bowl and let sit at room temperature , hours to overnight . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for / hours with a pan of hot water placed on the lowest rack of your oven during baking . Brush warm cake with some melted butter . 
Sprinkle gelatin over / cup dark rum to soften for about minutes . Beat egg yolks and sugar with an electric mixer until the egg mixture falls like ribbon off the beaters , to minutes . Continue mixing on medium-high speed , and pour in scalded milk in a thin stream , mixing constantly . Transfer mixture into a saucepan . Cook over medium-low heat , stirring constantly , until the custard coats a spoon , about minutes . Do not allow to boil . Take the pan off the heat , and transfer to a bowl . Stir in softened gelatin mixture and vanilla , stirring until gelatin is completely melted . Chill custard over a bowl of ice until room temperature . Stir occasionally ; do not let the custard set up . Beat egg whites with a pinch of salt until stiff but not dry ; set aside . Whip / cup heavy cream until medium-stiff peaks form . Gently fold whipped cream into the whipped egg whites . Fold in custard . Spread filling into prepared pie crust . Chill for minutes in the refrigerator , or until filling is set . Combine cup chilled whipping cream , confectioners sugar , to tablespoons rum , nutmeg , and cinnamon . Whip until soft peaks form . Spread over the top of the chilled pie , mounding in an attractive fashion . Dust the top of the pie with additional nutmeg . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Cream the together the butter or margarine , white sugar , vanilla , egg and water . Stir in the salt and the cocoa and beat well . Combine the flour and the baking soda . Stir the flour mixture into the creamed mixture . Mix in the chocolate chips and oatmeal . Drop tablespoon sized drops onto an ungreased cookie sheet . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for to minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease and flour a x inch pan . Sift together the flour , cocoa , baking powder and salt . Set aside . In a large bowl , cream together / cup butter , oil , and / sugar until light and fluffy . Beat in eggs , one at a time , then stir in the zucchini . Beat in the flour mixture alternately with the buttermilk . Pour half of the batter into prepared pan . Make the filling : In a medium bowl , beat cream cheese , tablespoons butter . Combine / cup sugar and cornstarch ; beat into the cream cheese mixture until smooth . Beat in egg , milk and vanilla . Pour over batter in pan , distributing evenly . Pour remaining batter over filling . Bake in the preheated oven for to minutes , or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean . Allow to cool . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spray a inch Bundt pan with non-stick cooking spray . In a large bowl , cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy . Beat in the eggs one at a time . Beat in the sliced bananas , sour cream and baking soda . Beat in the flour . Pour batter into prepared pan . Bake in the preheated oven for minutes , or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean . Let cool in pan for minutes , then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely . 
In a mixing bowl , combine sugar , margarine and crushed pineapple . Stir in a small amount of pineapple juice if the mixture needs more moisture . When the mixture is well blended shape it into two / pound eggs ( or a bunch of smaller eggs ) . Freeze for one hour . While the eggs are freezing , cut semi-sweet chocolate into small pieces and place in top of double boiler with shortening . Melt over medium heat , stirring frequently until smooth . Stick a long-tined fork in top of each pineapple egg , dip it in melted chocolate to cover then drain on waxed paper . 
Butter a x inch jellyroll pan , and set aside . Pour milk , water , cream , and sugar into a large , heavy bottomed saucepan . Add the butter , and bring to a boil over medium-high heat , stirring constantly . Reduce heat to medium , and cook for minutes , stirring constantly . After minutes , remove from heat , and beat in vanilla extract . Continue to stir until the mixture is no longer glossy . Pour into prepared pan , and let cool until hard , about hours . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Stir the oats , flour , white sugar , brown sugar , graham cracker crumbs , and cinnamon in the bowl of a stand mixer . Using the whisk attachment , cut the butter into the mixture until crumbly . Press about half of the mixture into the bottom of an ungreased x-inch baking dish . Spread the peanut butter over the oat mixture . Stir the jelly to make it spreadable and swirl into the peanut butter . Sprinkle the remaining oat mixture over the peanut butter and jelly layer ; gently pat until it sticks together . Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown , to minutes . Allow to cool completely before cutting into bars . 
Slightly moisten rims of ounce glasses and dip in confectioners sugar to rim the glasses ; fill each with crushed ice . Combine the sweet and sour mix , tequila , amaretto , and orange liqueur in a pitcher ; stir . Pour mixture into the prepared glasses . Garnish each drink with orange and lime slices . 
Combine cold brew concentrate , ice cream , half-and-half , and almond extract in blender . Blend on high for to seconds until it reaches desired consistency . Top with crushed cookies and whipped cream . 
Place ice cream in a cup . Pour cold brew concentrate over ice cream . Garnish with a cherry . Use a straw for stirring and drinking . 
Combine the ice cream , green tea , sugar , food coloring , and ice cubes in a blender . Blend on high until smooth . 
Combine vodka , coffee liqueur , and ice in an old-fashioned glass . Pour in cream . 
Fill a highball glass with ice . Pour in coffee liqueur , vodka , Irish cream , hazelnut liqueur and half-and-half . Stir with a cocktail stirrer . 
Fill cocktail shaker with fresh ice cubes . Add about / ounce each dry and sweet vermouth . Shake enough to coat ice and pour off liquid . Add eight ounces gin to coated ice in shaker and shake vigorously . Pour into four chilled Martini glasses , garnish with pimiento-stuffed olive and serve . 
Mix together the rose and burgundy wine , pineapple juice , and fruit punch in a punch bowl or large container . Add the lemon , lime and orange juices . Float the lemon , lime and orange slices in the punch for a garnish . Serve chilled . 
Place raspberries , strawberries , vodka , and lemonade into a blender . Cover , and puree until smooth . Pour into chilled glasses to serve . 
Put strawberry chunks in a bowl . Pour tequila over strawberries . Marinate in refrigerator for hours . Blend strawberries and tequila in a blender until fully pureed ; strain into a large pitcher to remove seeds . Stir strained berry mixture , soda , beer , and limeade concentrate together in a pitcher . Add ice cubes to chill . Rim glasses with salt before pouring margaritas . 
Combine rum , cream of coconut , pineapple , and ice in a blender . Puree on high speed until smooth . Pour into chilled Collins glass and serve with a straw . 
Combine the lime juice and water in a pitcher ; mix in the warm honey . Stir the brown sugar into the mixture until dissolved completely . Pour over ice and top with a lime slice to serve . 
Grate watermelon with a fork from the rind into a large bowl , leaving no large chunks . Stir water , pineapple , evaporated milk , and coconut into the grated watermelon . Add sugar ; stir until dissolved . Squeeze lime juice into the watermelon mixture . 
Pour coffee into an ice cube tray . Freeze until solid , to hours . Place frozen coffee cubes in a blender . Add milk , chocolate syrup , and sugar ; blend until smooth . Pour coffee mixture into glasses and top with whipped cream . 
Sprinkle a pinch of baking soda into a ounce , heat-proof , glass pitcher . Pour in boiling water , and add tea bags . Cover , and allow to steep for minutes . Remove tea bags , and discard ; stir in sugar until dissolved . Pour in cool water , then refrigerate until cold . 
Fill a highball glass with ice . Pour in the cola , coffee liqueur , vodka , and milk . Stir briefly and top with a cherry . 
Stir raspberry-flavored liqueur and agave nectar together in a tall , thin-sided glass using a spoon . Tilt the glass at an angle and pour in champagne . 
Fill a glass with ice cubes . Pour in the orange juice , tonic water and lemon juice . Stir and serve . 
In a bowl or pitcher , combine the orange , cranberry , apple and pineapple juices . Pour in the lemon-lime flavored carbonated beverage , champagne , and frozen strawberries . Wait a minute or two for the strawberries to moisten up , then pour into glasses and serve . 
Place ice cubes in each ounce glass . Pour ounces of Puerto Rican white rum in each glass . Squeeze the juice of / of lemon in each glass . Pour in ounces of cranberry juice . Stir . 
Pour water into a mug . Add honey and heat in the microwave for minute and seconds . Stir in lemon juice , mixing until honey is dissolved , then stir in the sugar . 
Place the cherry into a chilled martini glass . Pour in the vodka , then the pineapple juice . Slowly pour in the grenadine . It should sink to the bottom with the cherry . Mix together before drinking . 
Pour whiskey into a wide shot glass . Top with apple juice . 
In a blender or food processor , blend the kiwis , banana , tangelos , berries , yogurt , and soy milk . Gradually blend in the sugar to taste . Serve in tall glasses with fresh mint . 
Blend mango , bananas , coconut milk , water , ice , sugar , coconut extract , and lime zest in a blender until smooth . 
Store a cocktail glass in the freezer for to minutes before making the cocktail . Pour the anise flavored liqueur into the frosted glass and turn to coat the sides . Dump excess liqueur in the sink ( or drink it ! ) . Add sugar , water and bitters to the glass , stirring to dissolve . Strain into the glass and pour in the rye . Stir and garnish with a twist of lemon . 
Mix the chocolate syrup and milk together until smooth in a large glass . Gradually pour in the seltzer water , stirring to combine ( mixture will foam ) . Drink immediately . 
Place coconut flakes and and pinch of cardamom in a small pan over medium heat . Stir constantly until lightly browned , to minutes . Remove from heat . Place cold brew concentrate , / teaspoon cardamom , coconut milk , coconut extract , and sweetener in a blender . Blend until thoroughly mixed , or seconds . Fill large glasses halfway with ice . Divide coffee mixture among glasses ; top with shredded coconut . 
Blend cranberry sauce in a blender until smooth ; add orange juice and lemon juice and blend again until smooth . Combine cranberry mixture and ice in a pitcher . Slowly pour ginger ale into cranberry mixture and gently stir to combine . 
Blend peaches , coconut milk , yogurt , and milk together in a blender until smooth . 
Blend milk , strawberries , sugar , oats , and egg together in a blender until smooth and creamy . 
To make the frozen hand : Wash and rinse the outside of a rubber glove . Turn glove inside out and set aside . In a cup measuring cup , combine the thawed raspberries and cranberry juice . Pour cups of the raspberry mixture into a small saucepan . Sprinkle the gelatin over and let stand minutes . Warm over low heat , stirring constantly , just until gelatin dissolves . Mix back into the reserved raspberry mixture in the measuring cup . Pour raspberry mixture into the inverted glove . Gather up the top of the glove and tie securely with kitchen twine . Freeze until solid , or several days if possible . To serve : Carefully cut glove away from frozen hand . Place frozen hand , palm side up , leaning against side of a large punch bowl . Pour in ginger ale and sparkling cider . Garnish with gummy snakes . 
Mix sweet and sour mix , tequila , triple sec , coconut milk , and lime juice in a pitcher , stirring vigorously . Serve over ice . 
Put the rice in a small skillet and toast over medium-low heat until it turns dark in spots . Move to a small saucepan . Pour in the water and bring to a boil . Immediately reduce heat to low ; cover and simmer minute . Remove from heat and allow to steep minutes more . Add the tea and let it steep another minutes . Strain and discard the rice and tea leaves from the liquid . Serve the tea hot . 
Place ice cubes into a cocktail shaker , and pour in tomato juice , gin , lemon juice , hot sauce , and Worcestershire sauce . Season with chili powder , garlic powder , cumin , celery salt , pepper , and horseradish . Cover and shake until the outside of the shaker has frosted . Pour contents ( including ice ) into a ounce highball glass . Garnish with celery , pickle , olives , and lemon wedge before serving . 
Fill a glass with ice cubes . Combine Cabernet Sauvignon wine , cranberry juice , and raspberry schnapps in a shaker . Shake cocktail well and pour over ice . 
In a blender , combine orange juice concentrate , cream , carbonated water , confectioners sugar , vanilla and ice . Blend until smooth . Pour into glasses and serve immediately . 
In a blender , combine ice cream , milk , chocolate syrup and peppermint extract . Blend until smooth . Pour into glasses and serve . 
In plastic pitcher empty passion fruit juice and cups water . Mix well . Toss in the mango chunks . Pour in vodka . Mix again and place in freezer for at least hours The vodka will prevent mixture from freezing completely . Mix again after removing from freezer . Serve immediately . 
In a tall glass full of ice , pour vodka , melon liqueur and raspberry liqueur . Fill glass with pineapple juice ; stir . 
In a cocktail shaker , shake together Irish cream liqueur and Canadian rye whiskey with several cubes of ice . Strain into a glass filled with ice cubes . Top off with milk and a dash of cinnamon . Give it a gentle stir and serve . 
Cut each orange into slices . Place cloves into each slice . Combine apple juice concentrate and water in a slow cooker . Add oranges and cinnamon sticks . Cook on HIGH for minutes , or until warm . 
Blend grapes , water , cranberries , ice cubes , and apple in a blender until smooth . Adjust by adding additional water a little at a time to achieve the consistency desired . 
Blend peaches , hot water , brown sugar , and cinnamon in a blender or food processor until smooth . Transfer to a pitcher ; stir in dry white wine and triple sec . Cover and chill in refrigerator for at least hours . Strain peach mixture through a large cheesecloth-lined sieve ; squeeze cloth to remove all the juices . Pour juice into a large pitcher ; stir in sparkling white wine . 
In a shot glass , combine the coffee liqueur , creme de menthe , and Irish cream liqueur . Drink all at once . 
Chill a julep cup in the freezer for about minutes . Place mint leaves and simple syrup in the chilled julep cup ; mash well with a cocktail muddler . Pour in bourbon and / cup crushed ice . Stir until chilled and top with remaining / cup ice . Garnish with fresh mint . 
Combine banana , mango , kale , white beans , coconut , and matcha powder in a blender ; add water . Blend mixture until very smooth . 
Place strawberries in a blender ; top with tablespoons sugar . Pour cup water over sugared strawberries . Blend until strawberry chunks transform into juice . Combine strawberry juice , cups water , cup sugar , and lemon juice in a large pitcher ; stir until blended . Chill before serving . 
Combine chilled cranberry juice , club soda , vodka , and Champagne ( see Cooks Note ) . Garnish with fresh cranberries . 
Pour water into a blender . Add tomato , carrot , kale , radishes , lemon , spirulina powder ; top with ice cubes . Blend vegetable mixture until smooth . 
Stir rum and butterscotch schnapps together in a frosted ounce mug . Pour butter flavoring into the cream soda , then turn cream soda over to pour quickly into the chilled mug . Gently drop the ice cream into the soda mixture . 
Layer orange , banana , ice cubes , honey , and ginger in the blender ; top with yogurt . Blend until smooth . 
Pour ice , lemonade concentrate , limeade concentrate , and confectioners sugar in a blender ; blend until slushy . Gently stir club soda into lemonade mixture to serve . 
Pour Scotch and vermouth into a glass with ice cubes . Shake in bitters , stir , and garnish with a maraschino cherry . 
Drizzle chocolate syrup around the inside edge of a martini glass ; place glass in the freezer . Fill a cocktail shaker with ice ; pour peppermint schnapps , chocolate liqueur , and cream into shaker . Cover , shake , and strain martini into the prepared martini glass . 
Blend almond milk , oats , strawberries , blueberries , clementines , apple , avocado , flax seeds , honey , coconut oil , and chia seeds together in a blender until smooth , to seconds . 
Place the banana , strawberries , kiwi , vanilla frozen yogurt , and pineapple and orange juice blend in a blender . Blend until smooth . 
Fill a highball glass / full with ice . Pour in gin , lime juice , and sugar . Stir , and fill remainder of the glass with seltzer water . Garnish with a lime slice . 
Juice the peaches , apple , and lime with a juice extractor . Transfer the juice to a blender with the mint leaves . Blend quickly to combine the juice and mint thoroughly . 
Put crushed ice in a tall glass . Pour in the vodka . Add lime juice and sugar to taste . If it is too strong , simply dilute with water . 
Brew tea with cinnamon stick . Dissolve sugar in the hot tea . Set aside to cool . In a large pitcher combine the tea , raspberry juice and lemon juice . Crush mint leaves and stir in . Pour the carbonated water in , stir and serve over ice . 
In a blender , combine strawberries , pineapple chunks , raspberries and limeade . Blend until smooth . Pour into glasses and serve . 
Measure the tequila , lime juice , sweetened lime juice and triple sec into a cocktail shaker and add a generous scoop of ice . Cover and shake until the shaker is frosty , about seconds . Rub a lime wedge around the rim of a margarita glass and dip in salt . Fill each glass with ice . Strain equal amounts of the cocktail into the glasses to serve . Garnish with a lime wedge . 
In a cocktail mixer full of ice , combine brandy , peach schnapps and grenadine . Shake vigorously and strain into a glass . Top with lemon-lime soda . 
In a shot glass , combine peach schnapps and rum . Drain entire contents into your mouth , and swallow . 
Fill a high ball glass with ice . Pour in whiskey and top with ginger ale and a splash of grenadine . Garnish with a maraschino cherry . 
Blend strawberries , orange juice , milk , yogurt , flax seed , protein powder , and ice cube in a blender until smooth , to minutes . 
Blend ice cubes , peppermint candies , and chocolate chips together in a blender until evenly blended and slightly grainy . Add ice cream , peppermint extract , and red food coloring ; blend until smooth . Add milk and blend until desired consistency is reached . 
Puree all ingredients in blender on high until smooth . Serve immediately . 
Place ice cubes into a rocks glass . Pour in vodka and cranberry juice . Stir and serve . 
Combine the grape juice and soda in a large pitcher ; stir gently . 
Shake the butterscotch schnapps , Irish liqueur , and cinnamon schnapps in a cocktail shaker with crushed ice ; strain into a small glass . 
Mix sugar and lime gelatin mix in a large bowl . Stir cups boiling water into gelatin mixture until sugar and gelatin have dissolved . Thoroughly chill gelatin mixture in refrigerator , about hour . Place lime gelatin mixture into a large punch bowl ; stir in pineapple juice , lemon juice , almond extract , and cups cold water until thoroughly combined . 
Combine gin , lemon juice , and honey syrup in a cocktail shaker . Add ice , cover and shake until chilled . Strain into a chilled coupe glass . 
Layer protein powder , flax meal , cocoa powder , and brown sugar in a blender ; add almond milk , banana , berries , and peanut butter . Blend until smooth , about minute . 
Mix orange juice , daiquiri mixer , lemon-lime soda , and vodka together in a pitcher . 
Combine hot chocolate Irish cream liqueur , and creme de cacao in a coffee glass or mug . 
Place tea bags and mint sprigs in a large heat-proof measuring cup . Pour boiling water over tea bag mixture and cover measuring cup with a small plate . Steep tea until desired strength is reached , to minutes . Pour steeped tea through a strainer into a large mason jar , squeezing excess liquid from tea bags . Discard mint and tea bags . Stir sugar into tea until dissolved ; add lemon juice , lime juice , and vanilla extract . Stir cold water into tea mixture . Place lid on the jar and refrigerate until completely chilled , hours to overnight . Fill a punch bowl or drink dispenser with ice and add tea . 
Fill a cocktail shaker with ice ; pour in the raspberry-flavored vodka , lemon-flavored vodka , simple syrup , lemon juice , and raspberry-flavored liqueur . Cover shaker , shake , and strain drink into a martini glass . 
Blend kale , soy milk , spinach , banana , raspberries , and pineapple together in a blender until smooth . 
Pour graham cracker crumbs onto a small , shallow plate . Moisten the rim of a chilled martini glass and dip the moistened glasses into the graham cracker crumbs . Fill a shaker with ice ; pour chocolate liqueur , half-and-half , vodka , and Irish cream over ice . Shake until cocktail is combined and strain into prepared martini glass . Thread marshmallows onto a skewer and garnish cocktail with marshmallows . 
Combine blackberries , raw sugar , mint leaves , lemon juice , and lime juice in a tall glass ; muddle until mint leaves and blackberries are slightly crushed . Add lemon-lime beverage and vodka . Fill a cocktail shaker with ice ; add blackberry mixture . Cover shaker and shake ; pour into a glass . 
Combine milk , berries , brown sugar , grape juice , vanilla extract , and ice cube in a blender ; blend until smooth . 
Mix cup water , sugar , and peach slices together in a saucepan ; bring to a boil . Reduce heat to medium and simmer , crushing peach slices as you stir , until sugar is dissolved , about minutes . Remove saucepan from heat , cover , and allow peaches to infuse syrup , about minutes . Strain to remove peach slices . Bring cups remaining water to a boil in a separate pot . Remove from heat , add tea bags , cover , and steep for about minutes . Remove tea bags from the pot , pour in peach syrup , and cool to room temperature . Refrigerate until ready to serve . 
In a gallon punch bowl , combine orange juice concentrate , pineapple juice , lemon juice and sugar . Stir in water . 
Combine cups water , strawberries , spinach , and sugar in a blender ; blend until smooth . Pour into a pitcher ; stir in remaining cups water . 
Combine banana , milk , sugar , and vanilla extract in a blender ; blend until smooth . Pour into glasses ; garnish with cinnamon . 
Place the mint leaves , lime wedges , and ice into a cocktail shaker ; mash well with a cocktail muddler . Pour in the simple syrup , lime juice , rum , cranberry juice , and soda water . Cover , and shake until the outside of the shaker has frosted . Strain into a chilled glass to serve . 
Fill a cocktail shaker with ice . Pour in gin , lemon juice , lime juice , simple syrup , and dash of bitters . Cover and shake rapidly . Strain into a highball glass full of ice . Pour in lemon and lime spritzer and stir . Garnish with the lime slice . Unleash the monkey . 
Fill a cocktail glass with the ice cubes and pour in the rum , melon liqueur , sweet and sour mix , and orange juice . Stir to mix , and top with a splash of lemon-lime soda . 
Combine the chocolate chips and milk in a glass or plastic dish , and microwave on high , stirring every to seconds , until melted and smooth . Mix in the coffee , cinnamon , and hot chili powder until the instant coffee has dissolved . Stir in the cold milk . Strain into mugs . Thin with additional milk , if desired . 
Mix limeade concentrate with vodka , green food coloring , and / liters of lemon-lime soda in a large plastic container with a lid . Cover the container and freeze the mixture for to days . Scoop the frozen slush into glasses and add a splash of the remaining lemon-lime soda to each glass . 
Blend pumpkin and ice together in a blender on high until ice is finely chopped . Add apple cider , sparkling water , nutmeg , cinnamon , and salt ; blend until smooth . Serve immediately . 
Combine ice cubes , strawberries , kefir , mint leaves , vanilla syrup , and orange juice together respectively in a blender and blend until smooth . 
Blend orange juice , yogurt , oranges , and cinnamon together in a blender until smooth . 
Fill a tall glass with ice cubes . Pour in the whiskey and top off with lemon-lime soda . Stir gently and serve immediately . 
Into two small brandy snifter or cordial glasses , place one ice cube , one fluid ounce of schnapps , and / fluid ounces of the coffee liqueur , stir gently . 
In a mixing bowl , combine water , gin , tea , frozen lemonade , frozen orange juice , and sugar . Mix well and store in the freezer ( covered ) until ready to use . To serve : in a tall glass combine frozen mixture to taste with lemon-lime flavored carbonated beverage . 
Fill a cocktail shaker with ice . Pour in the melon liqueur , Southern Comfort , Banana liqueur , vodka , orange juice and sour mix . Shake vigorously for to minutes . Strain into a highball glass and serve . 
Combine milk , brandy and egg in a bowl and beat until smooth . Add ice cream ( cut into small pieces ) and beat until frothy . Serve and enjoy ! 
In a large pitcher , combine juice cocktail , lemon juice and brown sugar . Season with Worcestershire sauce , horseradish , hot sauce and celery salt . Cover , and refrigerate to hours to allow flavors to meld . 
Combine the amaretto and sweetened lime juice in a shaker with ice cubes . Shake , and strain into two glasses . Serve . 
Place ice cubes in a small glass . Pour in gin , pomegranate juice , and tonic water . Stir , and garnish with lime . 
Whisk apple juice , caramel syrup , cinnamon , and nutmeg together in a saucepan over medium-high heat . Cook and whisk briskly until mixture is hot but not boiling , about minutes . Add vanilla ; cook and stir for more minute . Pour into mugs and top with whipped cream . 
Run tomatoes , carrots , celery , spring greens , kale , radishes , lemon with rind , and peeled lemon through a juicer according to manufacturers instructions . 
Muddle lemon wedges , mint leaves , and agave nectar in a lowball glass until fragrant . Add crushed ice and rum ; top with club soda . Pour mixture back forth into a mixing glass or cocktail shaker until blended . Serve in lowball glass , garnished with a sprig of fresh mint and wedge of lemon . 
Pour the Chambord , Frangelico and vodka into a cocktail shaker over ice . Cover , and shake until the outside of the shaker has frosted . Strain into a chilled martini glass , and garnish with chocolate shavings to serve . 
Pour the apple juice and pineapple into a blender ; add the yogurt , pineapple chunks , and frozen strawberries and blend until smooth . 
Place milk and chocolate in a small saucepan over medium-low heat and simmer , stirring , until chocolate is melted but not boiling , about minutes . Pour chocolate mixture into a blender . Cover and hold lid down with a potholder ; blend until foamy . Pour into a mug . Break the chile into or pieces , discarding seeds , and drop into the hot chocolate . Drink immediately . 
Pour eggnog into a microwave-safe mug . Heat in the microwave until warmed through , seconds to minute . Stir in amaretto liqueur . 
Place yogurt , peanut butter , banana , strawberries , and ice cubes into a blender . Puree until smooth . 
Combine almond milk , cacao powder , stevia powder , almond butter , and cinnamon in a small pot over medium heat ; cook , whisking occasionally , until mixture is hot , about minutes . 
Blend banana , almond milk , blueberries , dates , flax seeds , and cashew butter together in a blender on high speed until smooth . 
Fill a food-safe silicon-based round ice mold will orange juice ; freeze until solid , to hours . Carefully open the ice mold and place the orange juice ball into a martini glass ; add vodka . 
Place banana , pineapple , carrot , hemp seeds , ginger , orange zest , cinnamon , coconut milk , and water in a blender in the order listed ; blend on high until creamy and smooth . 
Whisk sugar , cocoa powder , cinnamon , cayenne pepper , and salt together in a small bowl . Bring milk to a boil in a saucepan , whisking constantly . Whisk in cocoa mixture until dissolved , reduce heat to low , and simmer until flavors combine , about minutes . Remove from heat and stir in vanilla extract . Stir cream into hot chocolate and pour into mugs . 
Fill a cocktail shaker with ice ; add champagne , orange-flavored liqueur , and raspberry-flavored liqueur . Cover shaker , shake , and strain drink into a martini glass . 
Fill a small glass with ice . Pour Jagermeister and root beer over the ice and stir . 
In a blender , combine coffee , ice cream and chocolate syrup . Blend until smooth . Pour over crushed ice . Garnish with a dollop of whipped cream and serve . 
Combine vodka , cranberry juice , triple sec , and lime juice in a cocktail shaker . Add ice ; cover and shake . Strain into a cocktail glass . Add grenadine to drink , which will sink to the bottom . 
Blend coconut water , kale , walnuts , and coconut in a blender until smooth ; refrigerate up to hour . 
Blend ice cream , milk , and ice together in a blender just until it is starting to blend together , but still chunky . Add peanut butter , marshmallow fluff , and vanilla extract ; blend until desired consistency is reached . 
Blend pineapple , apples , mint leaves , and lime juice together in a blender until smooth . Add water , if desired , or strain to reach desired consistency . 
Stir brown sugar into half-and-half until dissolved . Whip with a milk frother or small whisk . Pour coffee into a mug , and stir in caramel sauce until dissolved . Pour frothed half-and-half into coffee , and serve . 
Pour beer into a large pitcher . Add frozen lemonade ; stir to combine . Use lemonade can to measure out vodka ; pour into pitcher and stir to combine . 
Place almond milk , pumpkin puree , banana , protein powder , and pumpkin pie spice in a blender . Blend until smooth , to seconds . If mixture is too thick , add more almond milk or water to achieve desired consistency . 
Place orange slices , peach slices , lemon slices , and lime slices in the bottom of a pitcher . Pour in red wine , lemon-lime soda , rum , and sugar ; stir until sugar is dissolved . Cover and refrigerate sangria until flavors combine , at least hours . Garnish each serving with a strawberry slice . 
Layer banana , mango , cucumber , spinach , cashew butter , and sesame seeds in a blender , in the order mentioned ; add water . Blend until smoothie is desired consistency , adding more water if desired . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and spread nuts onto baking sheet . Bake in the preheated oven for minutes ; shake the baking sheet to flip the nuts . Continue baking until toasted , about minutes more . Turn off the oven but leave the nuts in the oven until slightly cooled , about minutes . Transfer nuts to a large bowl and top with water . Cover bowl and let soak for minutes . Remove nuts from soaking water using a slotted spoon , reserving the soaking water . Place nuts in a blender ; add cup soaking water . Blend on low for seconds . Add cup soaking water and blend again for minute . Add the remaining soaking water and blend on medium for seconds . Allow nut milk to rest for minutes . Pour nut milk through a sieve or a nut bag into a glass container . Stir honey and salt into nut milk . Cover container and store in the refrigerator . 
Place almonds in a bowl and cover with cool water ; place bowl out of direct sunlight and soak for to hours . Place dates in a separate bowl and cover with cup water ; soak for hour . Drain and rinse almonds in a colander and transfer almonds to a blender . Add dates and their soaking water , vanilla extract , and salt ; pour in cups water . Blend on low speed for seconds and slowly increase to high speed and process for seconds . Place a nut bag or cheesecloth over a bowl ; pour in almond mixture . Allow the milk to fully strain through , about minutes . Gently squeeze nut bag or cheesecloth to release any extra milk from the pulp . Transfer almond milk to a container and refrigerate . 
Combine spinach , cup orange juice , peaches , pineapple , halved banana , and green tea powder in a blender ; blend until combined . Pour smoothie into a glass . Rinse out the blender . Combine cup orange juice , raspberries , strawberries , and halved banana in the blender ; blend until combined . Pour berry smoothie into a separate glass . Combine smoothies by pouring them at the same time from opposite sides of the serving glass . 
Combine apricot nectar , pineapple juice , and orange juice concentrate in a large pitcher . Stir in Champagne just before serving . 
Heat milk in a saucepan over medium heat for minutes . Pour in condensed milk , hot chocolate , sugar , and vanilla extract ; stir constantly until the mixture is warmed through and the sugar is dissolved , about minutes . 
Place cup strawberries in a blender ; blend on ice crush setting until smooth . Add the remaining / cup strawberries , soy milk , and blueberries ; blend until well combined . Add acai powder , flaxseed oil , and stevia with a spoon . Blend until smooth . 
Combine vermouth and whisky in a cocktail mixing class . Add ice and stir until chilled . Strain into a chilled cocktail glass . 
In an electric blender , blend ice , pineapple juice , milk , cream , and sugar . Blend until smooth . 
Heat milk and eggnog together in a saucepan over medium-low heat until heated through , about minutes . Stir in chocolate and mint-chocolate baking pieces ; cook until chocolate is melted and smooth , to more minutes . Pour into mugs . 
Blend vodka , pumpkin liqueur , ice , heavy whipping cream , and simple syrup together in a blender until creamy and fluffy . Pour into martini glasses and garnish with a pinch of cinnamon . 
Blend almond milk , banana , rum , honey , raisins , and nutmeg in a blender until smooth , about seconds . 
Pour the vodka , brandy and creme de menthe into a shot glass . Stir , then pour in the rum . Pour it into your mouth and gargle . Light it on fire . A blue flame will appear , but it wont burn your mouth . Sprinkle cinnamon into the flame and enjoy the show . Swallow after the flame has gone out . 
Pour the margarita mix , mangosteen juice , and rum into a blender or bowl of a food processor . Blend until smooth . Gradually add the frozen fruit , and continue blending . Pour the mixture into four tall glasses and garnish with mango slices . 
Fill a cocktail shaker with ice . Pour in gin , orange juice , Pernod , and grenadine . Shake well and strain into a chilled glass . Garnish with a twist of orange peel . 
Into an empty liter soda bottle , put the ginger root , sugar , yeast , and lemon juice . Fill the rest of the way with water . Screw the cap onto the bottle as tight as possible . Shake the bottle well , then leave at room temperature until the bottle is too hard to squeeze , about days . Refrigerate . To serve , pour through a tea strainer . 
Place the banana , grapes , yogurt , apple and spinach into a blender . Cover , and blend until smooth , stopping frequently to push down anything stuck to the sides . Pour into glasses and serve . 
Pour the limeade , tequila , and beer into a pitcher ; stir . Fill tall glasses with ice and pour mixture into the glasses ; squeeze a lime wedge into each drink . 
Place the eggs and sugar into a pan , and whisk until light colored and frothy . Whisk in cups of milk until thoroughly blended . Place the pan over medium heat , continuing to stir until the mixture thickens , and coats the back of a wooden spoon , about minutes . Remove from the heat , and allow to stand minutes . Stir in the remaining cups of milk , vanilla extract , and nutmeg . Refrigerate at least hours to cool thoroughly before serving . 
Place the white chocolate in a medium metal bowl over a pan of barely simmering water , or in the top half of a double boiler . Allow the chocolate to melt , stirring occasionally until smooth . Stir in cayenne pepper and cinnamon . Whisk in the egg until smooth . Gradually whisk in one cup of the milk until completely incorporated , about minutes . Gradually whisk in remaining milk , and heat until hot , but not simmering . You do not want a skin to form on top of the milk . It will be ready to drink when either the taste of the cayenne is masked by the temperature of the milk ( the spiciness of the pepper will remain ) , or when the hot chocolate is at your desired temperature . Ladle the hot chocolate into mugs and garnish with a sprinkle of cinnamon . 
In a food processor , puree the watermelon flesh . Pour the pureed watermelon into empty ice cube trays and freeze for at least hours . Also , freeze martini glasses . In a blender combine the frozen watermelon cubes , simple syrup , lemon juice , vodka , and melon liqueur ; blend until smooth . Pour into frozen martini glasses and garnish each with a lemon twist . 
Moisten the edges of a martini glass with a little lime juice , and then dip moistened edges into sugar . Place lemon zest strip in glass . Combine vodka , lime juice , sweet and sour mix , and ice in a shaker . Shake vigorously , and strain into a martini glass . 
In a quart jar dissolve sugar in vodka . Pour in blueberries and cover the jar . Store in cool , dark place for months ( refrigerator is okay ) . Occasionally shake gently . Strain and serve in cordial glasses , or if you prefer , over ice . 
In a large punch bowl , stir together the drink mix , lemon-lime soda , and white cranberry juice . Taste , and stir in sugar to your liking . ( I like to add the whole cup . ) Float scoops of ice cream on the top . The ice cream melts somewhat and turns the punch a beautiful baby blue color with frothy white clouds floating on the top . 
In a large bowl , combine egg yolks , cups sugar and rum . Mix well , cover and refrigerate for hours . Stir half-and-half into cooled yolk mixture . In a large bowl , whip the heavy cream until soft peaks form ; set aside . In a separate clean bowl , with a clean whisk , whip egg whites until thick , then gradually add sugar and whip until peaks form . Fold the whipped cream into the egg whites , then fold into the yolks mixture . Sprinkle top with nutmeg . 
Place all ingredients in a blender . Blend on puree ( or the highest setting ) until smooth , about seconds . Pour into glasses and serve . 
Combine white wine , brandy , and sugar in a large pitcher , then stir in ice . Continue stirring until the sugar is dissolved , then add the lime , lemon , apples , and grapes . Stir in the club soda . 
Pour the cold tea into an ice cube tray and freeze . Pop out a few whenever youre ready for a tall cool drink . 
In a large pitcher , mix the red wine , cups rum , cups orange juice , and sugar . Refrigerate hours , or overnight . In a large bowl , mix the strawberries , pineapple chunks , and maraschino cherries . Cover with cups rum and cups orange juice . Refrigerate hours , or overnight . Drain the fruit ( reserve the liquid if desired ) . Mix the fruit into the pitcher with the sangria to serve . 
Sift together milk powder , white sugar and cocoa powder . Store in an airtight container . To prepare , stir approximately heaping teaspoons of mix into cup of hot water . 
Place the rhubarb into a saucepan , and pour in the water . Cover , and bring to a simmer over medium heat . Reduce heat to medium-low , and continue simmering until the rhubarb breaks down and releases its juices , about minutes . Strain the juice , and press the pulp to squeeze out as much liquid as you can . Discard the pulp , and stir the sugar into the hot juice . Refrigerate the syrup until very cold , at least hours . To prepare the margaritas , place the ice into a blender , then pour in the tequila and rhubarb syrup . Blend until smooth , or until pureed to your desired consistency . Pour into chilled margarita glasses to serve . 
In a saucepan , combine the water , sugar , and cinnamon stick . Bring to a boil , reduce heat , and simmer . Cut the orange in half , and squeeze the juice into the simmering water . Push the cloves into the outside of the orange peel , and place peel in the simmering water . Continue simmering for minutes , until thick and syrupy . Pour in the wine , and heat until steaming but not simmering . Remove the clove-studded orange halves . Serve hot in mugs or glasses that have been preheated in warm water ( cold glasses will break . ) 
In a cocktail shaker filled with ice , combine the vodka , tequila , rum , gin , Blue Curacao , sour mix and lemon-lime soda . Shake vigorously to get a frothy head on the drink . Pour the contents of the shaker , including ice , into tall bar glass and garnish with a slice of lemon . 
Slice banana , place in blender , pour in pineapple juice , coconut milk and sugar ; blend until smooth . Pour into a glass and serve . 
Combine Chardonnay wine , pineapple chunks , lemonade concentrate , rum , triple sec , grapes , apple , orange , and lime in a large pitcher . Refrigerate at least hours or overnight . Stir lemon-lime soda into pitcher just before serving . 
In a saucepan over medium heat , combine water , sugar , vanilla and ground coffee . Bring to a boil , reduce heat to low , and simmer for minutes , stirring occasionally . Allow to cool , then remove grounds through a strainer . When cool , stir in vodka . Pour into a liquor bottle , and keep in a cool place . 
In a blender , combine milk , ice cream , chocolate syrup , chocolate drink mix , ice cubes and chocolate chips . Blend until smooth . Pour into glasses and serve . 
Mix the water , tequila , limeade , and orange liqueur in a freezer-proof container with a lid ; stir . Cover and store in freezer until it reaches a slush-like consistency , about hours . Serve in glasses garnished with lime wedges . 
Spoon pumpkin puree into a resealable bag and freeze , hours to overnight . Remove pumpkin from freezer and allow to soften at room temperature , to minutes . Pour milk into the blender ; add pumpkin , banana , brown sugar , cinnamon , and vanilla extract . Blend until smooth , about minutes . 
Mix coffee and sugar . Add boiling water and stir until dissolved . Cool . Add Vodka and pour into two ounce empty bottles . Split vanilla into pieces and add to bottles . Close bottles tightly and keep in a cool dark place for one month . 
Place coffee and cardamom in the filter of your coffee machine . Place enough water to make cups of coffee in the machine . Turn on the coffee machine . Pour brewed coffee into coffee cups , and stir tablespoon sweetened condensed milk into each cup . Serve . 
In a large pitcher , stir together the lime juice and sugar until dissolved . Stir in mint sprigs , and mash with a wooden spoon to release some of the oils . Pour in water , and mix well . Mix in jalapeno slices . Put a lid on the pitcher , and refrigerate hours , or overnight . 
Pour vodka , gin , triple sec and rum together into a large pitcher and adjust the cola proportions to your personal taste and stir . Pour into a tall glass with ice . 
Place honeydew melon in a single layer on a baking sheet . Cover and freeze until firm , about minutes . Transfer frozen melon to a food processor with the sherbet and lime juice . Puree until smooth . Pour mixture evenly into glasses , and garnish each glass with a strawberry . Serve immediately . 
Whisk together the milk , sweetened condensed milk , eggs , vanilla extract , and salt in a large pitcher until well blended . Cover and refrigerate until chilled , at least hour . 
In a microwave-safe bowl , combine butter , sugar , brown sugar and vanilla . Microwave until smooth . Mix in the ice cream . Place in a sealable container and freeze . When ready to use , spoon / tablespoons of the base into a mug . Pour in shot of dark rum and cup of hot water for each serving . 
Pour wine into an ice cube tray and freeze until solid . When cubes are frozen , plop or into a glass of ginger ale . Allow to sit for about minutes so the cubes melt a little ; stir . 
Place the lavender in a pitcher ; pour the boiling water over the lavender ; cover with plastic wrap and allow to steep minutes ; strain and discard the lavender from the water and return the water to the pitcher . Add the cold water , lemon juice , and sugar to the pitcher and stir until the sugar dissolves . Refrigerate until serving . 
Heat the port wine over medium heat until just below the simmer point in a large stockpot with a lid . Add bourbon and rum , and bring back to just below simmering . Save the bottles and their caps for storing leftover glogg . While the wine and liquors are heating , place the cardamom , cinnamon stick , cloves , and orange peel onto the center of the square of cheesecloth . Gather together the edges of the cheesecloth , and tie with kitchen twine to secure . When mixture is very hot but not boiling , carefully light it with a long-handled match . Wearing a heatproof cooking mitt , carefully pour the sugar into the flames , and let the mixture burn for minute . Put the lid on the stockpot to extinguish the flames , and turn off the heat . Let the mixture cool , covered , for about minutes ; add the cheesecloth bundle of spices and the raisins and almonds to the warm wine mixture and let it cool to room temperature , about hour . Strain the cooled glogg and reserve the raisins and almonds . To store , pour strained glogg into the bottles , recap , and keep upright in a cool dark place for up to year . Refrigerate the steeped raisins and almonds in a covered bowl or jar for up to year . To serve , pour glogg into a saucepan and warm over low-medium heat until hot but not simmering , about minutes . Ladle ounces of warmed glogg into a small coffee cup or small Swedish-style glogg mug , and garnish each serving with a few reserved raisins and almonds . 
Place egg yolks in a saucepan . Whisk in sugar until well blended and creamy . Add milk and cream ; whisk until blended . Place pan over medium heat ; whisk frequently until mixture reaches a temperature of between to degrees F ( to degrees C ) using an instant read thermometer . Remove from heat . Stir in nutmeg and whiskey . Chill pan in cold water until cool . Transfer mixture to a container ( a large pitcher is ideal ) . Cover and refrigerate until thoroughly chilled , to hours . Place egg whites in a bowl and whisk until soft peaks form . Add sugar and continue whisking until egg whites hold a firmer peak . Whisk egg whites into custard base until thoroughly blended . Refrigerate until chilled , about minutes . Whisk eggnog again just before serving and between each pour to ensure even distribution of the egg whites which tend to float to the top . Serve with a dusting of nutmeg . 
Pour the chocolate liqueur , creme de cacao , vodka , and creamer into a cocktail shaker over ice . Cover , and shake until the outside of the shaker has frosted . Dip the rim of a chilled martini glass in chocolate syrup . Strain the cocktail into the glass to serve . 
In a blender , combine soy milk , orange juice , wheat germ and frozen berries . Blend until smooth . Pour into glasses and serve . 
Place the lemon , orange , and brown sugar in a large pitcher . Pour in vodka , cointreau , gin , orange soda , lemon-lime soda , pineapple juice , and orange juice . Add ice cubes and pour in red wine ; stir well until the sugar has dissolved . 
In a large punch bowl , combine Southern Comfort , lemon juice , lemonade concentrate and orange juice concentrate . Stir in lemon-lime soda , and add a few drops red food coloring . Float orange and lemon slices for garnish . 
Blend yogurt , peaches , bananas , orange juice , sugar , and ice in a blender on high until the ice is crushed and the smoothie is to your desired consistency . 
Pour vanilla syrup into the bottom of a glass . Add ice cubes and pour in milk . Slowly pour in cold brew concentrate . Drizzle with caramel sauce . 
Pour the tequila and triple sec into a pitcher . Sprinkle in the confectioners sugar , and stir to dissolve . Add the ice , and pour in the pomegranate juice and lime juice . Stir to mix , then serve . You can add more tequila to taste if youre a professional . 
Stir together vodka , sweet and sour mix , and grenadine in an ounce glass . Fill with ice . 
In a blender , combine banana , frozen blueberries , frozen peach slices , yogurt and syrup . Blend until smooth . add rice milk and blend to desired consistency . Pour into glasses and serve . 
In a blender , blend the kiwi , banana , blueberries , strawberries , ice , orange juice , and yogurt until smooth . 
Place chocolate pieces in a saucepan over medium-low heat ; add milk and whisk constantly until chocolate is melted and well blended , about minutes . Whisk in cinnamon . Remove from heat ; add more milk if desired . Serve in a mug . 
Pour the tomato juice , hot sauce , Worcestershire sauce , dill , seafood seasoning , celery salt , and vodka into a cocktail shaker over ice . Cover , and shake until the outside of the shaker has frosted . Strain into ice-filled glasses , and garnish with cornichons to serve . 
In a coffee mug , combine espresso coffee with flavored syrup . Pour in steamed milk . Top with whipped cream , and sprinkle with nutmeg , cinnamon , and vanilla powder . 
Fill a short glass with ice . Pour in vodka and melon liqueur , and stir . Top off with lemon lime soda , and serve . 
In the container of a blender , combine the energy drink and frozen strawberries . Blend until smooth and creamy , about minute . Add some water if blending is difficult . Pour into big glasses . 
Combine vodka and dry vermouth in a cocktail mixing glass . Fill with ice and stir until chilled . Strain into a chilled martini glass . Garnish with three olives on a toothpick . 
Whisk almond milk , pumpkin puree , vanilla extract , sugar , / teaspoons pumpkin pie spice , and pepper together in a small saucepan over medium-high heat . Cook , stirring constantly , until mixture is almost boiling ; remove from heat and whisk until frothy , about minute . Divide mixture between mugs . Slowly pour coffee into each mug . Top with whipped cream and pinch pumpkin pie spice . 
Fill a highball glass with ice ; add vodka , club soda , cola , lemon wedges , and lime wedges ; stir . 
In a large jar or bottle , combine the tomato juice , celery salt , pepper , Worcestershire sauce , and hot pepper sauce . Secure the lid and shake , or stir to mix until well blended . Store in the refrigerator for up to one week . 
Pour orange juice into the pitcher of a blender and add mango , frozen banana , carrots , vanilla yogurt , ice cubes , and ginger . Pulse several times to crush ice , then blend until smooth , seconds to minute . 
Beat the butter and sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth . Add the egg yolks one at a time , allowing each egg to blend into the butter mixture before adding the next . Beat egg whites until foamy in a large glass or metal mixing bowl , continuing to beat until soft peaks form . Lift your beater or whisk straight up : the egg whites will form soft mounds rather than a sharp peak . Mix the egg whites into the egg yolk mixture . Stir in the rum , salt , mace , allspice , cloves , nutmeg , and cardamom . To use the mix , combine ounce rum and cup hot milk in a mug . Stir in tablespoon of the Tom and Jerry mixture . 
Measure concentrated cherry juice into a tall glass . Fill glass with ginger ale and stir gently . 
In a blender combine lime juice , sugar and rum . Blend and add ice one cube at a time until mixture is thick and smooth . Pour into glasses and garnish with maraschino cherries . 
In a mixing bowl , mix together olive oil , parsley , lemon juice , hot sauce , garlic , tomato paste , oregano , salt , and black pepper . Reserve a small amount for basting later . Pour remaining marinade into a large resealable plastic bag with shrimp . Seal , and marinate in the refrigerator for hours . Preheat grill for medium-low heat . Thread shrimp onto skewers , piercing once near the tail and once near the head . Discard marinade . Lightly oil grill grate . Cook shrimp for minutes per side , or until opaque , basting frequently with reserved marinade . 
In a large bowl , combine ketchup , brown sugar , red wine vinegar , Dijon-style mustard , Worcestershire sauce , and liquid smoke . Stir in salt , pepper , and garlic powder . Place chuck roast in a slow cooker . Pour ketchup mixture over chuck roast . Cover , and cook on Low for to hours . Remove chuck roast from slow cooker , shred with a fork , and return to the slow cooker . Stir meat to evenly coat with sauce . Continue cooking approximately hour . 
In a small bowl combine yogurt , cucumber , dill , salt , pepper and mayonnaise and mix well . Chill for at least minutes . In a large bowl mash chickpeas until thick and pasty ; dont use a blender , as the consistency will be too thin . In a blender , process onion , parsley and garlic until smooth . Stir into mashed chickpeas . In a small bowl combine egg , cumin , coriander , salt , pepper , cayenne , lemon juice and baking powder . Stir into chickpea mixture along with olive oil . Slowly add bread crumbs until mixture is not sticky but will hold together ; add more or less bread crumbs , as needed . Form balls and then flatten into patties . Heat inch of oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat . Fry patties in hot oil until brown on both sides . Serve two falafels in each pita half topped with chopped tomatoes and cucumber sauce . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a small bowl mix the soup and sour cream ; set aside . Melt margarine in a medium saucepan over medium high heat . Add onion and chili powder , and saute until tender . Stir in the chicken , chile peppers , and tablespoons of the soup mixture . Cook and stir until heated through . Spread / cup of the soup mixture in a x inch baking dish . Spoon about / cup of the chicken mixture down the center of each tortilla . Roll up tortillas , and place , seam-side-down , in the baking dish . Spoon remaining soup mixture on top , and sprinkle with cheese . Bake minutes in the preheated oven , or until bubbly and lightly browned . 
In a shallow dish , mix together the garlic powder , pepper , salt , paprika , bread crumbs and flour . In a separate dish , whisk together the milk and egg . Heat the oil in an electric skillet set to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Dip the chicken into the egg and milk , then dredge in the dry ingredients until evenly coated . Fry chicken in the hot oil for about minutes per side , or until the chicken is cooked through and juices run clear . Remove from the oil with a slotted spatula , and serve . 
In a bowl , mix the mayonnaise , minced garlic , and lemon juice . Set aside in the refrigerator . Preheat the grill for high heat . Brush vegetables with olive oil on each side . Brush grate with oil . Place bell peppers and zucchini closest to the middle of the grill , and set onion and squash pieces around them . Cook for about minutes , turn , and cook for another minutes . The peppers may take a bit longer . Remove from grill , and set aside . Spread some of the mayonnaise mixture on the cut sides of the bread , and sprinkle each one with feta cheese . Place on the grill cheese side up , and cover with lid for to minutes . This will warm the bread , and slightly melt the cheese . Watch carefully so the bottoms dont burn . Remove from grill , and layer with the vegetables . Enjoy as open faced grilled sandwiches . 
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil . Cook pasta in boiling water for to minutes , or until al dente ; drain . Meanwhile , heat olive oil in large , heavy skillet over medium heat . Cook onion in oil until tender . Stir in rosemary and garlic . Transfer to a small bowl . Place ground beef and sausage in the skillet . Cook over medium-high heat until evenly brown . Stir in the onion mixture and the spaghetti sauce . Season with salt . Reduce heat to low , and simmer for minutes . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a x inch baking dish . In the prepared dish , layer / of the cooked pasta , provolone cheese , sour cream , cottage cheese , and a little less than / of the meat mixture . Then layer the rest of the pasta , mozzarella cheese , remaining meat mixture , and Parmesan cheese . Bake in the preheated oven for to minutes , or until heated through and cheeses are melted . 
Place chicken breasts between layers of plastic wrap and pound to about / inch thick . Season both sides of chicken breasts with cayenne , salt , and black pepper ; dredge lightly in flour and shake off any excess . Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat . Place chicken in the pan , reduce heat to medium , and cook until browned and cooked through , about minutes per side ; remove to a plate . Cook capers in reserved oil , smashing them lightly to release brine , until warmed though , about seconds . Pour white wine into skillet . Scrape any browned bits from the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon . Cook until reduced by half , about minutes . Stir lemon juice , water , and butter into the reduced wine mixture ; cook and stir continuously to form a thick sauce , about minutes . Reduce heat to low and stir parsley through the sauce . Return chicken breasts to the pan cook until heated through , to minutes . Serve with sauce spooned over the top . 
Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until al dente . Meanwhile , pour cream into large skillet . Cook over medium heat , stirring constantly , until just about boiling . Reduce heat , and add herbs , salt , peppers , onions , and parsley . Simmer to minutes , or until thickened . Stir in seafood , cooking until shrimp is no longer transparent . Stir in cheeses , blending well . Drain pasta . Serve sauce over noodles . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a small bowl , mix the olive oil , garlic , rosemary , basil , Italian seasoning , black pepper and salt . Set aside . Wash the turkey inside and out ; pat dry . Remove any large fat deposits . Loosen the skin from the breast . This is done by slowly working your fingers between the breast and the skin . Work it loose to the end of the drumstick , being careful not to tear the skin . Using your hand , spread a generous amount of the rosemary mixture under the breast skin and down the thigh and leg . Rub the remainder of the rosemary mixture over the outside of the breast . Use toothpicks to seal skin over any exposed breast meat . Place the turkey on a rack in a roasting pan . Add about / inch of water to the bottom of the pan . Roast in the preheated oven to hours , or until the internal temperature of the bird reaches degrees F ( degrees C ) . 
In a large bowl , mix the soy sauce , cider vinegar , honey , canola oil , and green onions . Place the mushrooms and chicken into the mixture , and stir to coat . Cover , and marinate in the refrigerator at least hour . Preheat grill for high heat . Remove the mushrooms and chicken from the marinade and shake off excess . Pour the marinade into a small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat . Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for minutes ; set aside . Wrap the chicken chunks with bacon , and thread onto skewers so that the bacon is secured . Alternate with mushroom halves and pineapple chunks . Lightly oil the grill grate . Arrange skewers on the prepared grill . Cook to minutes , brushing occasionally with remaining soy sauce mixture , until bacon is crisp and chicken juices run clear . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and spray with cooking spray . Arrange chicken thighs on prepared baking sheet . Combine garlic salt , onion salt , oregano , thyme , paprika , and pepper together in a small container with a lid . Close the lid and shake container until spices are thoroughly mixed . Sprinkle spice mixture liberally over chicken thighs . Bake chicken in the preheated oven until skin is crispy , thighs are no longer pink at the bone , and the juices run clear , about hour . An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read degrees F ( degrees C ) . 
In a small saucepan over low heat , combine the cornstarch , cold water , sugar , soy sauce , vinegar , garlic , ginger and ground black pepper . Let simmer , stirring frequently , until sauce thickens and bubbles . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place chicken pieces in a lightly greased x inch baking dish . Brush chicken with the sauce . Turn pieces over , and brush again . Bake in the preheated oven for minutes . Turn pieces over , and bake for another minutes , until no longer pink and juices run clear . Brush with sauce every minutes during cooking . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Melt a few tablespoons of butter in a skillet over medium heat . Stir in onion and garlic , and cook slowly until the onion caramelizes to a dark brown , about minutes . Meanwhile melt the remaining butter in a saucepan over medium-high heat along with the tomato sauce , heavy cream , salt , cayenne pepper , and garam masala . Bring to a simmer , then reduce heat to medium-low ; cover , and simmer for minutes , stirring occasionally . Then stir in caramelized onions . While the sauce is simmering , toss cubed chicken breast with vegetable oil until coated , then season with tandoori masala and spread out onto a baking sheet . Bake chicken in preheated oven until no longer pink in the center , about minutes . Once done , add the chicken to the sauce and simmer for minutes before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Roll out bottom pie crust , press into a inch pie pan , and set aside . Melt tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat ; add the onion , celery , carrots , parsley , oregano , and salt and pepper . Cook and stir until the vegetables are soft . Stir in the bouillon and water . Bring mixture to a boil . Stir in the potatoes , and cook until tender but still firm . In a medium saucepan , melt the remaining tablespoons butter . Stir in the turkey and flour . Add the milk , and heat through . Stir the turkey mixture into the vegetable mixture , and cook until thickened . Cool slightly , then pour mixture into the unbaked pie shell . Roll out the top crust , and place on top of filling . Flute edges , and make slits in the top crust to let out steam . Bake in the preheated oven for minutes . Reduce oven temperature to degrees F ( degrees C ) , and continue baking for minutes , or until crust is golden brown . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Heat teaspoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat , and cook and stir the sausage until browned . Transfer the cooked sausage to a large baking dish . Pour / cup of olive oil into the skillet , and cook the potatoes , stirring occasionally , until browned , about minutes . Place the potatoes into the baking dish , leaving some oil . Cook and stir the green and red peppers and onions in the hot skillet until they are beginning to soften , about minutes . Add the vegetables to the baking dish . Pour wine and chicken stock over the vegetables and sausage , and sprinkle with Italian seasoning , salt , and pepper . Gently stir the sausage , potatoes , and vegetables together . Bake in the preheated oven until hot and bubbling , to minutes . Serve hot . 
In a large glass bowl , mix together lemon juice , olive oil , soy sauce , oregano , and garlic ; add pork , onions , and green peppers , and stir to coat . Cover , and refrigerate for to hours . Preheat grill for medium-high heat . Thread pork , peppers , and onions onto skewers . Lightly oil grate . Cook for to minutes , or to desired doneness , turning skewers frequently for even cooking . 
Place cubed pork in a medium bowl , and season with teaspoon salt , / teaspoon sugar , and teaspoon soy sauce . Mix in the egg white and green onions . Cover , and place in the refrigerator at least hour . Heat quart oil to degrees F ( degrees C ) in a large , heavy saucepan or deep fryer . Coat the pork with / cup cornstarch , and fry in the heated oil about minutes , until evenly browned . Drain on paper towels . Heat tablespoon oil in a wok over medium heat . Stir in the celery , green bell pepper , and onion , and cook until tender . Season with salt and sugar . Remove from heat , and set aside . In a large saucepan , mix cup water , / teaspoon salt , / cup sugar , apple cider vinegar , ketchup , and / teaspoon soy sauce . Bring to a boil , and stir in the cooked pork , celery mixture , and the pineapple chunks with juice . Return to boil , and mix in tablespoons cornstarch and / cup water to thicken . Cook until well blended . 
Bring rice and water to a boil in a saucepan over high heat . Reduce heat to medium-low , cover , and simmer until rice is tender , and liquid has been absorbed , to minutes . Combine soy sauce , brown sugar , and corn starch in a small bowl ; stir until smooth . Mix ginger , garlic , and red pepper into sauce ; coat chicken with marinade and refrigerate for at least minutes . Heat tablespoon sesame oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat . Cook and stir bell pepper , water chestnuts , broccoli , carrots , and onion until just tender , about minutes . Remove vegetables from skillet and keep warm . Remove chicken from marinade , reserving liquid . Heat tablespoon sesame oil in skillet over medium-high heat . Cook and stir chicken until slightly pink on the inside , about minutes per side ; return vegetables and reserved marinade to skillet . Bring to a boil ; cook and stir until chicken is no longer pink in the middle and vegetables are tender , to minutes . Serve over rice . 
In a small bowl , mix paprika , cayenne pepper , onion powder , salt , white pepper , black pepper , thyme , basil and oregano . Brush salmon fillets on both sides with / cup butter , and sprinkle evenly with the cayenne pepper mixture . Drizzle one side of each fillet with / remaining butter . In a large , heavy skillet over high heat , cook salmon , butter side down , until blackened , to minutes . Turn fillets , drizzle with remaining butter , and continue cooking until blackened and fish is easily flaked with a fork . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spread tomato pesto onto one side of each pita bread and place them pesto-side up on a baking sheet . Top pitas with tomatoes , spinach , mushrooms , feta cheese , and Parmesan cheese ; drizzle with olive oil and season with pepper . Bake in the preheated oven until pita breads are crisp , about minutes . Cut pitas into quarters . 
Cook shells according to package directions . Place in cold water to stop cooking . Drain . Mix together cottage cheese , mozzarella cheese , / cup Parmesan cheese , eggs , and garlic powder . Rub the dried herbs in the palms of your hands to pulverize them , and stir into the cheese mixture . Stuff mixture into the shells . Spread / of spaghetti sauce in the bottom of a x inch pan . Place shells open side up , and close together in pan . Spread remaining sauce over top , and sprinkle with remaining / cup Parmesan cheese . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for to minutes , or until bubbly . Let stand minutes before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a x-inch baking dish . Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil . Cook spaghetti in boiling water , stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite , about minutes . Drain . Heat a large skillet over medium heat ; cook and stir beef and onion until meat is browned and onions are soft and translucent , about minutes . Drain . Stir in spaghetti sauce and seasoned salt . Whisk eggs , Parmesan cheese , and butter in a large bowl . Mix in spaghetti to egg mixture and toss to coat . Place half the spaghetti mixture into baking dish . Top with half the cottage cheese , mozzarella , and meat sauce . Repeat layers . Cover with aluminum foil . Bake in preheated oven for minutes . Remove foil and continue to bake until the cheese is melted and lightly browned , to minutes longer . 
In a small bowl , combine mayonnaise and minced garlic . Cover , and refrigerate . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat . Saute beef until lightly browned . Stir in green pepper and onion , and season with salt and pepper . Saute until vegetables are tender , and remove from heat . Spread each bun generously with garlic mayonnaise . Divide beef mixture into the buns . Top with shredded cheese , and sprinkle with oregano . Place sandwiches on a baking pan . Heat sandwiches in preheated oven , until cheese is melted or slightly browned . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a large bowl , combine the beef , egg , onion , milk and bread OR cracker crumbs . Season with salt and pepper to taste and place in a lightly greased x inch loaf pan , OR form into a loaf and place in a lightly greased x inch baking dish . In a separate small bowl , combine the brown sugar , mustard and ketchup . Mix well and pour over the meatloaf . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for hour . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place the peas and carrots , green beans , and celery into a saucepan ; cover with water , bring to a boil , and simmer over medium-low heat until the celery is tender , about minutes . Drain the vegetables in a colander set in the sink , and set aside . Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat , and cook the onion until translucent , about minutes . Stir in / cup of flour , salt , black pepper , celery seed , onion powder , and Italian seasoning ; slowly whisk in the chicken broth and milk until the mixture comes to a simmer and thickens . Remove from heat ; stir the cooked vegetables and turkey meat into the filling until well combined . Fit pie crusts into the bottom of inch pie dishes . Spoon half the filling into each pie crust , then top each pie with another crust . Pinch and roll the top and bottom crusts together at the edge of each pie to seal , and cut several small slits into the top of the pies with a sharp knife to release steam . Bake in the preheated oven until the crusts are golden brown and the filling is bubbly , to minutes . If the crusts are browning too quickly , cover the pies with aluminum foil after about minutes . Cool for minutes before serving . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Cover a baking sheet with aluminum foil and spray with cooking spray . Mix together the ground beef and onion soup mix in a large skillet ; cook and stir over medium-high heat until the beef is crumbly , evenly browned , and no longer pink . Drain and discard any excess grease . Remove from heat . Stir the mayonnaise and Cheddar cheese into the ground beef mixture . Lay the bottoms of the dinner rolls on the prepared baking sheet . Spread the cheese and beef mixture on the bottom half of each roll . Replace the tops . Cover with another sheet of aluminum foil sprayed with cooking spray . Bake in the preheated oven until the burgers are heated through and cheese melts , about minutes . Serve with sliced pickles . 
Place the mushroom caps , smooth side up , in a shallow dish . In a small bowl , whisk together vinegar , oil , basil , oregano , garlic , salt , and pepper . Pour over the mushrooms . Let stand at room temperature for minutes or so , turning twice . Preheat grill for medium-high heat . Brush grate with oil . Place mushrooms on the grill , reserving marinade for basting . Grill for to minutes on each side , or until tender . Brush with marinade frequently . Top with cheese during the last minutes of grilling . 
Sift flour , tablespoons cornstarch , baking soda , and baking powder into a bowl . Pour in low-sodium soy sauce , sherry , tablespoons water , vegetable oil , and a dash of sesame oil ; stir until smooth . Stir in chicken until coated with the batter , then cover , and refrigerate for minutes . Meanwhile , bring chicken broth , sugar , vinegar , dark soy sauce , sesame oil , chile paste , and garlic to a boil in a saucepan over high heat . Dissolve / cup cornstarch into / cup of water , and stir into boiling sauce . Simmer until the sauce thickens and turns clear , about minutes . Reduce heat to low , and keep sauce warm . Heat olive oil in a deep fryer or large saucepan to a temperature of degrees F ( degrees C ) . Drop in the battered chicken pieces , a few at a time , and fry until they turn golden brown and float to the top of the oil , to minutes . Drain on a paper towel lined plate . To serve , place fried chicken pieces onto a serving platter , and pour the hot sauce overtop . Sprinkle with toasted sesame seeds to garnish . 
In a small bowl , combine the soy sauce , rice wine , brown sugar and cornstarch . Set aside . Heat oil in a wok or skillet over medium high heat . Stir-fry ginger and garlic for seconds . Add the steak and stir-fry for minutes or until evenly browned . Add the snow peas and stir-fry for an additional minutes . Add the soy sauce mixture , bring to a boil , stirring constantly . Lower heat and simmer until the sauce is thick and smooth . Serve immediately . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Heat a greased skillet to medium . Rub chicken pieces with garlic , salt , pepper and cumin to taste ; place in hot skillet . Cook until brown on both sides and no longer pink , to minutes . Transfer chicken to x-inch baking dish or casserole dish , top with salsa and cheese , and bake in preheated oven until cheese is bubbly and starts to brown , to minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place ham in a roasting pan . In a small saucepan , combine brown sugar , pineapple juice , honey , orange juice , orange zest , Dijon mustard , and ground cloves . Bring to a boil , reduce heat , and simmer for to minutes . Set aside . Bake ham in preheated oven uncovered for hours . Remove ham from oven , and brush with glaze . Bake for an additional to minutes , brushing ham with glaze every minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a pizza pan or medium baking sheet . Place chicken in a large skillet over medium-high heat . Cook until no longer pink , and juices run clear . Cool , then either shred or chop into small pieces . Unroll dough , and press into the prepared pizza pan or baking sheet . Bake crust for minutes in the preheated oven , or until it begins to turn golden brown . Remove from oven . Spread ranch dressing over partially baked crust . Sprinkle on mozzarella cheese . Place tomatoes , green onion , and chicken on top of mozzarella cheese , then top with Cheddar cheese . Return to the oven for to minutes , until cheese is melted and bubbly . 
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil . Place farfalle in pot and cook to minutes , until al dente ; drain . Place sausage in a large skillet over medium heat and cook until evenly brown ; set aside . Heat / cup oil in skillet . Stir in garlic and onion , and cook until tender . Mix in zucchini , squash , tomatoes , bell pepper and basil . Dissolve bouillon in the mixture . Season with red pepper . Stir in remaining oil . Continue cooking minutes . Mix pasta , sausage and cheese into skillet . Continue cooking minutes , or until heated through . 
Combine eggs , milk , bread crumbs , onion , salt , sage , and mushrooms in a large bowl . Crumble ground beef over mixture and stir well to combine . Shape into a round loaf ; place in a quart slow cooker . Cover and cook on Low until a meat thermometer reads degrees F ( degrees C ) , to hours . Whisk ketchup , brown sugar , mustard , and Worcestershire sauce in a small bowl ; spoon sauce over meat loaf . Return to slow cooker and cook on Low until heated through , about minutes . Let stand minutes before cutting . 
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil . Cook lasagna noodles for to minutes , or until al dente . Drain , rinse with cold water , and set aside . Meanwhile , place the chicken in a saucepan with enough water to cover , and bring to a boil . Cook for minutes , or until no longer pink and juices run clear . Remove from saucepan , and shred . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Dissolve the bouillon cube in hot water . In a large bowl , mix the chicken with the bouillon , cream cheese , and cup mozzarella cheese . Spread / of spaghetti sauce in the bottom of a x inch baking dish . Cover with the chicken mixture , and top with lasagna noodles ; repeat . Top with remaining sauce , and sprinkle with remaining mozzarella cheese . Bake for minutes in the preheated oven . 
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat , and lightly oil grate . Place the ground turkey , onion , cilantro , chipotle chile pepper , garlic powder , onion powder , seasoned salt , and black pepper in a mixing bowl ; mix well . Form into patties . Cook the hamburgers on the preheated grill until the turkey is no longer pink in the center , about minutes per side . Place the mozzarella slices on the patties minutes before they are ready . Serve on the toasted buns . 
Preheat skillet over medium heat . Generously butter one side of a slice of bread . Place bread butter-side-down onto skillet bottom and add slice of cheese . Butter a second slice of bread on one side and place butter-side-up on top of sandwich . Grill until lightly browned and flip over ; continue grilling until cheese is melted . Repeat with remaining slices of bread , butter and slice of cheese . 
Place roast into slow cooker . Sprinkle with garlic powder and onion powder , and season with salt and pepper . Pour barbeque sauce over meat . Cook on Low for to hours . Remove meat from slow cooker , shred , and return to slow cooker . Cook for more hour . Serve hot . 
In a large skillet , fry bacon over medium high heat until browned , turning once . Remove bacon from pan , reserving drippings , and place on paper towels . Stir water , sugar , onions , garlic , red pepper flakes , seasoned salt , and caraway seeds into drippings . Add cabbage , and gently stir . Cover , and cook over medium heat for to minutes . Add kielbasa to the pan . Cook , covered , for an additional to minutes . Crumble bacon over top , and serve hot . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Combine the seasoning , salt , mustard powder , garlic powder and black pepper ; set aside . Rinse the chicken thoroughly , and remove the giblets . Place chicken in a x inch baking dish . Sprinkle / teaspoons of the spice mixture inside the chicken . Rub the remaining mixture on the outside of the chicken . Squeeze the juice of the lemons into a small bowl or cup , and mix with the olive oil . Drizzle this oil / juice mixture over the chicken . Bake in the preheated oven for / hours , or until juices run clear , basting several times with the remaining oil mixture . 
In a small bowl , combine the honey , mustard , rosemary , ground black pepper , lemon zest and garlic . Mix well and apply to the lamb . Cover and marinate in the refrigerator overnight . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place lamb on a rack in a roasting pan and sprinkle with salt to taste . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for minutes , then reduce heat to degrees F ( degrees C ) and roast for to more minutes for medium rare . The internal temperature should be at least degrees F ( degrees C ) when taken with a meat thermometer . Let the roast rest for about minutes before carving . 
In a large saucepan , heat tablespoons of the olive oil with the garlic over medium heat . When the garlic starts to sizzle , pour in the tomatoes . Season with salt and red pepper . Bring to a boil . Lower the heat , and simmer for minutes , stirring occasionally . Meanwhile , bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil . Cook pasta for to minutes , or until al dente ; drain . In a large skillet , heat the remaining tablespoons of olive oil over high heat . Add the shrimp and scallops . Cook for about minutes , stirring frequently , or until the shrimp turn pink . Add shrimp and scallops to the tomato mixture , and stir in the parsley . Cook for to minutes , or until the sauce just begins to bubble . Serve sauce over pasta . 
Season salmon fillets with lemon pepper , garlic powder , and salt . In a small bowl , stir together soy sauce , brown sugar , water , and vegetable oil until sugar is dissolved . Place fish in a large resealable plastic bag with the soy sauce mixture , seal , and turn to coat . Refrigerate for at least hours . Preheat grill for medium heat . Lightly oil grill grate . Place salmon on the preheated grill , and discard marinade . Cook salmon for to minutes per side , or until the fish flakes easily with a fork . 
Melt butter in a large skillet , over medium heat . Season the pork chops with black pepper and garlic powder . Fry the chops in butter until no longer pink and the juices run clear , about to minutes . Turn occasionally to brown evenly . Remove chops to a plate and keep warm . Stir the whipping cream into the skillet , loosening any bits of meat stuck to the bottom . Stir in blue cheese . Cook , stirring constantly until sauce thickens , about minutes . Pour sauce over warm pork chops . 
Make slashes crosswise into the skin and meat of each chicken thigh with a sharp knife , cutting to the bone . Cuts should be about inch apart . Transfer thighs into a heavy resealable plastic bag . Whisk Dijon mustard , brown sugar , red wine vinegar , mustard powder , salt , black pepper , ground chipotle pepper , and cayenne pepper in a bowl until smooth . Whisk garlic into marinade . Pour marinade into bag over chicken thighs and massage marinade into chicken , coating each thigh thoroughly and working the marinade into the cuts . Seal bag and refrigerate at least hours ( or overnight for best flavor ) . Move a rack to the center position in oven . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and lightly oil the foil . Scatter onion rings onto prepared baking sheet . Place chicken thighs on top of onion rings . Spray or brush thighs with vegetable oil ; sprinkle thighs with additional salt and cayenne pepper if desired . Roast chicken in preheated oven until the skin is browned , meat is tender , and the juices run clear , to minutes . Transfer chicken and onions onto a serving platter . Pour pan drippings into a saucepan , bring to a boil , and continue boiling , stirring often , until drippings are reduced by half , to minutes . Skim excess fat from pan sauce . Spoon reduced pan sauce over each chicken thigh and serve . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Trim stems from zucchini and slice lengthwise . Scoop out seeds and put in bowl . Mix seeds with sausage , garlic , bread crumbs , and parmesan cheese . Stuff squash with sausage mixture and place in x inch baking pan . Pour sauce over squash and cover pan with foil . Bake in preheated oven for minutes , or until sausage is cooked . Remove foil and cover with mozzarella cheese . Cook until cheese is melted . 
In a shallow dish or bowl , mix together flour , salt and paprika . In a separate dish or bowl , mix together egg and milk . Dip chicken pieces in egg mixture , then in seasoned flour . In a large skillet , heat butter or margarine over medium-high heat . Saute chicken pieces until golden brown . Add mushrooms and onion and saute for to minutes . In a medium bowl combine the broth , wine , lemon juice and cornstarch . Mix together and pour mixture over chicken and mushrooms . Reduce heat to medium low and let chicken mixture simmer for minutes or until chicken is cooked through and juices run clear . Sprinkle with parsley and serve . 
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat , and lightly oil the grate . In a bowl , mix together the seasoned salt , black pepper , garlic powder , onion powder , paprika , Worcestershire sauce , and smoke flavoring until thoroughly combined . Rinse pork chops , and sprinkle the wet chops on both sides with the spice mixture . With your hands , massage the spice rub into the meat ; allow to stand for minutes . Grill the chops over indirect heat until no longer pink inside , about minutes per side . An instant-read thermometer should read at least degrees F ( degrees C ) . Allow chops to stand for more minutes before serving . 
In a medium bowl , mix soy sauce , light brown sugar , distilled white vinegar , garlic powder , seasoned salt , garlic pepper seasoning , and lemon-lime flavored carbonated beverage . Reserve about / cup of this marinade for basting . Place steak in a large resealable plastic bag . Cover with the remaining marinade , and seal . Refrigerate for hours , or overnight . Bring a saucepan of water to a boil . Add green peppers , and cook for minute , just to blanch . Drain , and set aside . Preheat grill for high heat . Thread steak , green peppers , mushrooms , tomatoes , and pineapple onto skewers in an alternating fashion . Discard marinade and the bag . Lightly oil the grill grate . Cook kabobs on the prepared grill for minutes , or to desired doneness . Baste frequently with reserved marinade during the last minutes of cooking . 
Whisk together the water , Italian dressing mix , ranch dressing mix , and brown gravy mix together in a bowl until smooth . Place the beef roast into a slow cooker , and pour the sauce over top . Cook on Low until the roast is easily pierced by a fork , to hours . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a large baking dish . In a medium saucepan over medium heat , melt the butter and saute the green onion until tender ( about to minutes ) . Add the garlic powder , then stir in the green chiles , cream of mushroom soup and sour cream . Mix well . Reserve / of this sauce and set aside . To the remaining / of the sauce in the saucepan , add the chicken and / cup of shredded Cheddar cheese . Stir together . Fill each flour tortilla with the chicken mixture and roll up . Place seam side down in the prepared baking dish . In a small bowl combine the reserved / of the sauce with the milk . Spoon this mixture over the rolled tortillas and top with the remaining / cup of shredded Cheddar cheese . Bake in the preheated oven for to minutes , or until cheese is bubbly . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a large baking sheet with sides . Place chicken quarters on prepared baking sheet . Stir potatoes , olive oil , juice of lemon , basil , oregano , salt , pepper , and lemon herb seasoning together in a large bowl to coat potatoes . Arrange potatoes around chicken on baking sheet . Pour about / of oil mixture over chicken , reserving remaining oil ; drizzle remaining lemon juice over chicken and potatoes . Bake in the preheated oven for about minutes ; shake baking sheet to loosen potatoes , then continue baking for minutes . Place green beans in reserved oil mixture ; toss to coat . Remove chicken mixture from oven ; pour green bean mixture over chicken and potatoes . Return pan to the oven ; bake until green beans are tender with a bite , chicken is no longer pink at the bone and juices run clear , about minutes . An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read degrees F ( degrees C ) . 
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil . Cook pasta in boiling water for to minutes or until al dente ; drain . Meanwhile , heat oil over medium-high heat in a large frying pan . Cook and stir mushrooms in oil until tender . Remove mushrooms from pan , and set aside . Combine shrimp , champagne , and salt in the frying pan , and cook over high heat . When liquid just begins to boil , remove shrimp from pan . Add shallots and tomatoes to champagne ; boil until liquid is reduced to / cup , about minutes . Stir in / cup cream ; boil until slightly thick , about to minutes . Add shrimp and mushrooms to sauce , and heat through . Adjust seasonings to taste . Toss hot , cooked pasta with remaining / cup cream and parsley . To serve , spoon shrimp with sauce over pasta , and top with Parmesan cheese . 
Cook manicotti in boiling water until done . Drain , and rinse with cold water . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a large bowl , combine ricotta , mozzarella , and / cup Parmesan , eggs , parsley , and salt and pepper . Mix well . Pour / cup sauce into an x inch baking dish . Fill each manicotti shell with tablespoons cheese mixture , and arrange over sauce . Pour remaining sauce over top , and sprinkle with remaining Parmesan cheese . Bake minutes , or until bubbly . 
Place the chicken breasts into a large saucepan . Pour in the water , and season with chili powder , / teaspoon salt , cumin , / teaspoon black pepper , garlic powder , onion powder , and cayenne pepper . Bring to a simmer over high heat , then reduce heat to medium-low , and simmer minutes . After minutes , stir in ounces of green chiles , onion , and garlic ; continue simmering until the liquid has reduced to cup . Reserve remaining ounces of chopped green chilies . Remove the chicken , shred with two forks , and return to the onion mixture . Meanwhile , melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat . Stir in the flour , and cook for minute . Whisk in the water and bouillon cube until the water has thickened and the bouillon cube has dissolved , about minutes . Whisk in reserved ounces of green chilies and the sour cream ; season to taste with salt and pepper . Keep warm . Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place a tortilla onto your work surface , then spoon about / cup of the chicken filling halfway between the bottom edge and the center of the tortilla . Flatten the filling into rectangle shape with the back of a spoon . Sprinkle about ounce of the Monterey Jack cheese over the filling . Fold the bottom of the tortilla snugly over the filling , then fold in the left and right edges . Roll the chimichanga up to the top edge , forming a tight cylinder ; secure the ends with wooden toothpicks . Repeat with the remaining ingredients . Cook the chimichangas , at a time , in the hot oil until they are crisp and golden brown on both sides , about minute per side . Drain on a paper towel-lined plate , and remove toothpicks . Top with sour cream sauce to serve . 
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat . Season chicken with salt and pepper . Cook and stir chicken in hot oil until cooked through and juices run clear , to minutes . Add the broth and salsa and bring to a boil ; turn off the heat and stir in the instant rice . Sprinkle Cheddar cheese over the mixture . Cover the skillet and let sit until the rice is tender , about minutes . 
Cut chicken breasts into inch strips . Place in a medium bowl with desired marinade , and marinate in the refrigerator for at least minutes . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat . Saute chicken and onions until chicken is evenly brown . Stir in diced tomatoes with green chile peppers , stewed tomatoes , chile peppers , soup and broth . Bring mixture to a boil . Reduce heat , cover skillet , and simmer for to minutes , or until chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear . Remove chicken from skillet , and shred when cool enough to handle . Meanwhile , allow skillet mixture to simmer and reduce to about / cups . In a medium bowl , combine shredded chicken and about / cup skillet mixture ( just enough to make a paste like mixture ) . Mix together with half the chopped green onions . Pour remaining cups of skillet mixture into a x inch baking dish . In a second skillet , heat cream over low heat , being careful not to boil . Dip tortillas in the warm cream to soften and coat . Spoon about / cup chicken mixture onto each tortilla . Top chicken mixture with half the shredded cheese , and roll up tortillas . Place rolled tortillas in baking dish , seam side down , and drizzle with enchilada sauce . Cover with remaining shredded cheese , and sprinkle remaining chopped green onion over cheese . Bake uncovered in preheated oven for minutes , or until cheese is melted and bubbling . 
Drain and reserve liquid from salmon . Mix egg , onion , bread crumbs and salmon together . Make into patties . If mixture is too dry to form into patties , add reserved liquid from salmon . In a frying pan , heat olive oil . Place patties in pan . Brown on each side , turning gently . Drain on paper towels and serve . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a x-inch baking dish . Arrange the shrimp in the bottom of the prepared baking dish . Gently squeeze any excess liquid from the artichoke hearts , break the hearts into quarters , and arrange in spaces between the shrimp . Sprinkle the bread crumbs and parsley over the shrimp and artichoke hearts ; sprinkle lemon juice over the crumbs . Melt butter with garlic in a small saucepan over medium-low heat ; drizzle the butter mixture over the bread crumbs . Sprinkle the top with Romano cheese . Bake in the preheated oven until the crumbs and cheese brown lightly and the shrimp turn opaque and orange-pink in color , to minutes . Serve hot . 
Season the cube steaks on both sides with salt and pepper . Pour the flour onto a shallow plate and press the steaks into the flour ; shake off the excess flour . Heat the oil in a large skillet with lid over medium-high heat . Place the steaks into the hot oil , and cook until golden brown on both sides , about minutes per side . Pour water into the skillet to almost cover the steaks . Stir the beef bouillon and salt to taste into the water . Bring to a boil ; reduce heat to medium-low , cover , and simmer until very tender , about hours . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place the bread crumbs into a small bowl , and mix in the cream . Allow to stand until crumbs absorb the cream , about minutes . While the bread is soaking , melt teaspoon of butter in a skillet over medium heat , and cook and stir the onion until it turns light brown , about minutes . Place onion into a mixing bowl ; mix with the ground beef , ground pork , egg , brown sugar , salt , black pepper , nutmeg , allspice , and ginger . Lightly mix in the bread crumbs and cream . Melt tablespoon of butter in a large skillet over medium heat . Pinch off about / tablespoon of the meat mixture per meatball , and form into balls . Place the meatballs into the skillet , and cook just until the outsides are brown , about minutes , turning the meatballs often . Insides of the meatballs will still be pink . Place browned meatballs into a baking dish , pour in chicken broth , and cover with foil . Bake in the preheated oven until the meatballs are tender , about minutes . Remove meatballs to a serving dish . To make brown gravy , pour pan drippings into a saucepan over medium heat . Whisk the flour into the pan drippings until smooth , and gradually whisk in enough beef broth to total about / cups of liquid . Bring the gravy to a simmer , whisking constantly until thick , about minutes . Just before serving , whisk in the sour cream . Season to taste with salt and black pepper . Serve the gravy with the meatballs . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spray two large pieces of aluminum foil with cooking spray . Place salmon fillet on top of one piece of foil . Sprinkle salmon with salt , pepper , garlic and chopped dill . Arrange lemon slices on top of fillet and place a sprig of dill on top of each lemon slice . Sprinkle fillet with chopped scallions . Cover salmon with second piece of foil and pinch together foil to tightly seal . Place on a baking sheet or in a large baking dish . Bake in preheated oven for to minutes , until salmon flakes easily . 
Gently rinse liver slices under cold water , and place in a medium bowl . Pour in enough milk to cover . Let stand while preparing onions . ( I like to soak up to an hour or two whatever you have time for . ) This step is SO important in taking the bitter taste of the liver out . Melt tablespoons of butter in a large skillet over medium heat . Separate onion rings , and saute them in butter until soft . Remove onions , and melt remaining butter in the skillet . Season the flour with salt and pepper , and put it in a shallow dish or on a plate . Drain milk from liver , and coat slices in the flour mixture . When the butter has melted , turn the heat up to medium-high , and place the coated liver slices in the pan . Cook until nice and brown on the bottom . Turn , and cook on the other side until browned . Add onions , and reduce heat to medium . Cook a bit longer to taste . Our family prefers the liver to just barely retain a pinkness on the inside when you cut to check . Enjoy ! 
Place the pork shoulder into a slow cooker and season with salt and pepper . Pour the vinegar around the pork . Cover , and cook on Low for hours . Pork should easily pull apart into strands . Remove the pork from the slow cooker and discard any bones . Strain out the liquid , and save cups . Discard any extra . Shred the pork using tongs or two forks , and return to the slow cooker . Stir the brown sugar , hot pepper sauce , cayenne pepper , and red pepper flakes into the reserved sauce . Mix into the pork in the slow cooker . Cover and keep on Low setting until serving . 
In a shallow dish , mix together the bread crumbs and flour . Season with salt and pepper . Place the egg in a separate dish . Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat . Dip pork steaks in egg , then coat with the bread crumb mixture . Fry in the hot oil until browned on both sides and cooked through , about minutes per side . Remove the pork to a platter and keep warm . Add onion and mushrooms to the skillet and cook until lightly browned . Pour in water and dissolve the bouillon cube . Simmer for about minutes . Stir together the cornstarch and sour cream ; stir into the skillet . Cook over low heat until thickened but do not boil . Spoon over the pork cutlets and serve immediately . 
Whisk chicken broth , oyster sauce , soy sauce , fish sauce , white sugar , and brown sugar together in a bowl until well blended . Heat large skillet over high heat . Drizzle in oil . Add chicken and stir fry until it loses its raw color , to minutes . Stir in shallots , garlic , and sliced chilies . Continue cooking on high heat until some of the juices start to caramelize in the bottom of the pan , about or more minutes . Add about a tablespoon of the sauce mixture to the skillet ; cook and stir until sauce begins to caramelize , about minute . Pour in the rest of the sauce . Cook and stir until sauce has deglazed the bottom of the pan . Continue to cook until sauce glazes onto the meat , or more minutes . Remove from heat . Stir in basil . Cook and stir until basil is wilted , about seconds . Serve with rice . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place the beef into a mixing bowl , and season with salt , onion , garlic salt , Italian seasoning , oregano , red pepper flakes , hot pepper sauce , and Worcestershire sauce ; mix well . Add the milk , Parmesan cheese , and bread crumbs . Mix until evenly blended , then form into / inch meatballs , and place onto a baking sheet . Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center , to minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Season pork with salt and pepper . Heat oil in an ovenproof skillet over high heat . Cook pork until browned on one side , to minutes . Turn over pork and transfer the skillet to the preheated oven . Cook until pork is browned and still slightly pink in the center , to minutes . An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least degrees F ( degrees C ) . Transfer pork to a plate . Remove any excess oil from the skillet and place it over medium-high heat . Pour in chicken broth and bring to a boil , scraping any browned bits off of the bottom of the pan . Whisk in cream , horseradish , Dijon mustard , and cayenne pepper . Continue cooking until the mixture is reduced to a thick sauce , to minutes . Remove from heat and whisk in cold butter . Stir in chives . Slice pork into / inch slices and serve topped with sauce . 
Place meat in a large resealable plastic bag . In a medium bowl , mix together honey , Dijon mustard , chili powder , and salt . Pour marinade over tenderloins , seal , and refrigerate for at least hours . Prepare the grill for indirect heat . Lightly oil grill grate . Remove meat from marinade , and discard liquid . Grill for to minutes , or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads degrees F ( degrees C ) . 
Mix together Worcestershire sauce , soy sauce , teriyaki sauce , liquid smoke , and molasses in a resealable plastic bag until the molasses has dissolved . Add sesame seeds , brown sugar , paprika , garlic salt , garlic pepper , minced garlic , and canola oil ; mix well . Coat chicken thighs with the marinade , seal , and marinate for hours in the refrigerator , redistributing the chicken in the marinade occasionally . Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat . Remove chicken from marinade and shake off excess . Grill on preheated grill until the chicken has reached an internal temperature of degrees F ( degrees C ) , and is firm and opaque , about minutes per side . Discard any remaining marinade . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Season chicken thighs all over with salt and black pepper . Place bacon in a large , oven-proof skillet and cook over medium-high heat , turning occasionally , until evenly browned , about minutes . Transfer bacon with a slotted spoon to a paper-towel lined plate , leaving drippings in the skillet . Increase heat to high and place chicken , skin-side down , into skillet . Cook in hot skillet until browned , to minutes per side . Transfer chicken to a plate ; drain and discard all but tablespoon drippings from the skillet . Lower heat to medium-high ; saute mushrooms , onion , and shallots with a pinch of salt in the hot skillet until golden and caramelized , to minutes . Stir flour and butter into vegetable mixture until completely incorporated , about minute . Pour red wine into the skillet and bring to a boil while scraping browned bits of food off of the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon . Stir bacon and thyme into red wine mixture ; simmer until wine is about / reduced , to minutes . Pour chicken broth into wine mixture and set chicken thighs into skillet ; bring wine and stock to a simmer . Cook chicken in the preheated oven for minutes . Spoon pan juices over the chicken and continue cooking until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear , about minutes more . An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh , near the bone should read degrees F ( degrees C ) . Transfer chicken to a platter . Place skillet over high heat and reduce pan juices , skimming fat off the top as necessary , until sauce thickens slightly , about minutes . Season with salt and pepper ; remove and discard thyme . Pour sauce over chicken . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place ribs on a rack in a shallow roasting pan . Scatter cloves of sliced garlic over ribs . Cover , and bake for / hours . Cool slightly . In a small bowl , mix together white sugar , paprika , salt , black pepper , chili powder , and ground cumin . Rub spices over cooled ribs . Cover , and refrigerate overnight . In a small saucepan , mix together brown sugar , cider vinegar , ketchup , chili sauce , Worcestershire sauce , lemon juice , onion , dry mustard , and clove garlic . Simmer over medium-low heat , uncovered , for hour . Reserve a small amount for basting ; the remainder is a dipping sauce . Preheat grill for medium heat . Place ribs on grill . Grill , covered , for about minutes , basting with the reserved sauce , until nicely browned and glazed . Serve with remaining sauce for dipping . 
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil . Place farfalle pasta in the pot , cook for to minutes , until al dente , and drain . Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat . Mix in the chile paste and chicken . Cook and stir chicken minutes , or until evenly browned and juices run clear . Toss the cooked farfalle , pesto , Parmesan cheese , and cilantro into the skillet , and continue cooking just until heated through . 
In a large resealable plastic bag , combine the oil , soy sauce , lemon juice , Worcestershire sauce , mustard , ground black pepper , garlic , and meat tenderizer . Mix well , and add your favorite meat . Seal the bag , and marinate in the refrigerator for to hours . 
Bring rice and water to a boil in a pot . Reduce heat to low , cover , and simmer minutes . In a bowl , whisk together curry paste and can coconut milk . Transfer to a wok , and mix in remaining coconut milk , chicken , fish sauce , sugar , and bamboo shoots . Bring to a boil , and cook minutes , until chicken juices run clear . Mix the red bell pepper , green bell pepper , and onion into the wok . Continue cooking minutes , until chicken juices run clear and peppers are tender . Remove from heat , and stir in pineapple . Serve over the cooked rice . 
In a large nonstick pan , cook red pepper , zucchini , yellow squash , onion , and mushrooms in olive oil over medium to medium-high heat for about minutes , or until just tender . Remove vegetables from pan . Coat the same pan with cooking spray , and place one tortilla in pan . Sprinkle / cup of cheese evenly over tortilla , and layer / cup of the vegetable mixture over the cheese . Sprinkle another / cup of cheese on the vegetables , and top with a second tortilla . Cook until golden on both sides , for approximately to minutes per side . Remove quesadilla from pan , and repeat with remaining ingredients . Cut each quesadilla into triangles with a pizza cutter . Serve hot . 
Stir together olive oil , garlic , and salt ; toss with tomatoes , and allow to stand for minutes . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Brush each pizza crust with some of the tomato marinade . Sprinkle the pizzas evenly with Mozzarella and Fontina cheeses . Arrange tomatoes overtop , then sprinkle with shredded basil , Parmesan , and feta cheese . Bake in preheated oven until the cheese is bubbly and golden brown , about minutes . 
Place lime juice , olive oil , garlic , salt , and oregano in a large resealable plastic bag . Shake sealed bag until ingredients are well mixed . Taste the marinade for tartness . If too tart , add a little more oil . Not enough zing , add more lime . The garlic and salt flavors should also be up front , yet not overpowering . Place tenderloins in the bag , seal , and turn to coat . Marinate in the refrigerator for to hours . Preheat grill for medium heat . Lightly oil the grill grate , and discard marinade . Grill tenderloins for to minutes , turning once , or to desired doneness . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly oil a large roasting pan . Place chicken pieces in large bowl . Season with salt , oregano , pepper , rosemary , and cayenne pepper . Add fresh lemon juice , olive oil , and garlic . Place potatoes in bowl with the chicken ; stir together until chicken and potatoes are evenly coated with marinade . Transfer chicken pieces , skin side up , to prepared roasting pan , reserving marinade . Distribute potato pieces among chicken thighs . Drizzle with / cup chicken broth . Spoon remainder of marinade over chicken and potatoes . Place in preheated oven . Bake in the preheated oven for minutes . Toss chicken and potatoes , keeping chicken skin side up ; continue baking until chicken is browned and cooked through , about minutes more . An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read degrees F ( degrees C ) . Transfer chicken to serving platter and keep warm . Set oven to broil or highest heat setting . Toss potatoes once again in pan juices . Place pan under broiler and broil until potatoes are caramelized , about minutes . Transfer potatoes to serving platter with chicken . Place roasting pan on stove over medium heat . Add a splash of broth and stir up browned bits from the bottom of the pan . Strain ; spoon juices over chicken and potatoes . Top with chopped oregano . 
In a small bowl , mix together salt , black pepper , cayenne , paprika , / teaspoon garlic powder , onion powder , thyme and parsley . Sprinkle spice mixture generously on both sides of chicken breasts . Heat butter and olive oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat . Saute chicken until golden brown , about minutes on each side . Sprinkle with teaspoons garlic powder and lime juice . Cook minutes more , stirring frequently to coat evenly with sauce . 
Preheat grill for high heat . Use a fork to poke holes all over the surface of the steaks , and place steaks in a large baking dish . In a bowl , mix together beer , teriyaki sauce , and brown sugar . Pour sauce over steaks , and let sit about minutes . Sprinkle with / the seasoned salt , pepper , and garlic powder ; set aside for minutes . Turn steaks over , sprinkle with remaining seasoned salt , pepper , and garlic powder , and continue marinating for more minutes . Remove steaks from marinade . Pour marinade into a small saucepan , bring to a boil , and cook for several minutes . Lightly oil the grill grate . Grill steaks for minutes per side , or to desired doneness . During the last few minutes of grilling , baste steaks with boiled marinade to enhance the flavor and ensure juiciness . 
Whisk brown sugar , water , fish sauce , rice vinegar , soy sauce , garlic , and ginger in a bowl until brown sugar is completely dissolved , about minute . Set aside . Heat oil over high heat in a skillet . Stir in chicken . Pour / cup of the brown sugar mixture over chicken ; cook and stir until the brown sugar mixture has a syrup-like consistency , to minutes . Pour in the remaining brown sugar mixture ; cook until chicken is tender and no longer pink inside , about minutes . Stir in in peanuts , jalapenos and green onion ; cook until warmed through , to minutes . Garnish with cilantro and serve . 
In a bowl , mix soy sauce , tomato sauce , peanut oil , garlic , black pepper , and cumin . Place chicken into the mixture , and stir to coat . Cover , and marinate in the refrigerator for at least minutes , but not overnight . This will make the meat too dark . Preheat the grill for high heat . Heat vegetable oil in a saucepan over medium heat , and saute onion and garlic until lightly browned . Mix in water , peanut butter , soy sauce , and sugar . Cook and stir until well blended . Remove from heat , mix in lemon juice , and set aside . Lightly oil the grill grate . Thread chicken onto skewers , and discard marinade . Grill skewers about minutes per side , until chicken juices run clear . Serve with the peanut sauce . 
Make beurre blanc : In a small saucepan over medium heat , combine wine , vinegar , shallots , thyme and bay leaf . Boil until liquid has evaporated . Stir in cream , and boil until liquid is reduced by half ; decrease heat to low . Whisk in butter , piece at a time , adding each new piece before previous one has melted completely . Do not allow sauce to simmer , or it may separate . Strain sauce through a fine sieve into a heatproof bowl . Stir in chives , lemon juice , salt and pepper . Keep warm by setting bowl in a larger container of hot water . Preheat oven on broiler setting . Pat fillets dry , and season with salt and pepper . Heat oil and tablespoon butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat . Saute halibut fillets for to minutes on each side , or until lightly browned , and just cooked through . Transfer to a baking sheet , and cool minutes . In a small bowl , stir together bread crumbs , almonds and tablespoon melted butter . Brush tops of fillets with egg , and spread with almond mixture . Broil fillets to minutes , or until browned ( watch closely every broiler has its own personality ! ) . Place fillets on individual plates , and spoon beurre blanc around it . 
In a medium saucepan , saute the cilantro , garlic and jalapeno pepper in tablespoons of butter or margarine over medium heat for to minutes . Add the stock , tequila and lime juice . Bring the mixture to a boil and cook until reduced to a paste-like consistency . Set aside . Pour soy sauce over the chicken and set aside for minutes . Meanwhile , In a medium sized skillet , saute the onion and the red , green and yellow bell peppers with the remaining tablespoon of butter or margarine , stirring occasionally . Meanwhile , cook fettuccini according to package directions . When the peppers have wilted , add the chicken and soy sauce . Toss and add the reserved tequila / lime paste and cream . Bring to a boil . Gently simmer until chicken is cooked through and sauce is thick . Toss with well drained fettuccini and garnish with cilantro . Serve . 
Whisk together soy sauce , hoisin sauce , sesame oil , sugar , garlic , and red pepper flakes in a bowl . Toss beef with marinade , cover , and refrigerate hour to overnight . Heat peanut oil in a wok or large , nonstick skillet over high heat . Add the green onions , and cook for to seconds before stirring in the beef . Cook and stir until the beef is no longer pink and is beginning to brown , about minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a medium baking dish . In a bowl , mix beef , egg , oats , evaporated milk , salt , pepper , garlic powder , chili powder , and / cup onion . Form into / inch balls and arrange in a single layer in the baking dish . In a separate bowl , mix ketchup , garlic , sugar , / cup onion , and liquid smoke . Pour evenly over the meatballs . Bake uncovered hour in the preheated oven , until the minimum internal temperature of a meatball reaches degrees F ( degrees C ) . 
In medium bowl , toss teaspoons flour with the grated cheese . Sprinkle mixture into the pie shell . On top of cheese , sprinkle / cup of diced ham . In medium bowl , combine eggs , milk or cream , and then add salt and mustard powder . Beat until smooth and pour over cheese and ham . Put piece of plastic wrap large enough to overlap sides over top of quiche , then a piece of foil , and seal well around the edges . ( plastic keeps the foil from sticking to the food ) . Place prepared quiche in freezer . When ready to prepare , preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C . ) Remove foil and plastic wrap . Put foil around edge of crust to protect it . Bake in the preheated oven for minutes , or until filling is set and crust is golden brown . Garnish with parsley and pimiento if desired 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a x-inch baking dish . Place the ground beef into a skillet over medium heat , and brown the meat , breaking it apart into crumbles as it cooks , about minutes . Drain excess fat . Stir in the taco seasoning , water , chili powder , cooked rice , salt , garlic salt , black pepper , and can of tomato sauce ; mix until thoroughly combined . Bring to a boil , reduce heat to low , and simmer minutes . Meanwhile , cut the bell peppers in half lengthwise , and remove stems , membranes , cores , and seeds . Place a steamer insert into a large saucepan , and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer . Cover , and bring the water to a boil over high heat . Place the peppers into the steamer insert , cover the pan , and steam until just tender , to minutes . Place the steamed peppers into the prepared baking dish , and fill lightly with the meat filling . Press cube of Colby-Jack cheese into the center of the filling in each pepper , and spoon the remaining can of tomato sauce over the peppers . Cover the dish with aluminum foil . Bake in the preheated oven until the peppers are tender and the filling is hot , to minutes . 
In a large bowl , stir together the flour and salt . In a separate bowl , whisk together the butter , sour cream , eggs , egg yolk and oil . Stir the wet ingredients into the flour until well blended . Cover the bowl with a towel , and let stand for to minutes . Place potatoes into a pot , and fill with enough water to cover . Bring to a boil , and cook until tender , about minutes . Drain , and mash with shredded cheese and cheese sauce while still hot . Season with onion salt , salt and pepper . Set aside to cool . Separate the perogie dough into two balls . Roll out one piece at a time on a lightly floured surface until it is thin enough to work with , but not too thin so that it tears . Cut into circles using a cookie cutter , perogie cutter , or a glass . Brush a little water around the edges of the circles , and spoon some filling into the center . Fold the circles over into half-circles , and press to seal the edges . Place perogies on a cookie sheet , and freeze . Once frozen , transfer to freezer storage bags or containers . To cook perogies : Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil . Drop perogies in one at a time . They are done when they float to the top . Do not boil too long , or they will be soggy ! Remove with a slotted spoon . 
Wash clams to remove any dirt or sand . In a large pot , heat oil over medium heat . Add garlic ; saute for minute , or until tender . Pour in the white wine . Boil until wine has reduced to half its original volume . Add clams , cover , and steam till clams start to open . Add butter , cover , and cook till most or all of the clams open . Discard any that do not open . Transfer clams and juice to large bowls . Sprinkle with parsley . Serve . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Stir the ground beef , crushed crackers , Cheddar cheese , and onion soup mix in a large bowl until well combined . Whisk the eggs , ketchup , and steak sauce in a separate bowl until smooth . Mix the eggs into the meat until evenly combined , if the mixture seems too dry , add a little water . Press into a x inch loaf pan . Bake in preheated oven until the meatloaf reaches degrees F ( degrees C ) and is no longer pink in the center , to minutes . 
Heat the vegetable oil in a large Dutch oven over high heat . Season the pork shoulder with salt , then arrange the pork in the Dutch oven . Cook until browned on all sides , about minutes . Add the onion , garlic , lime juice , chili powder , oregano , and cumin . Pour in the chicken broth , and bring to a boil . Reduce heat to medium-low , cover , and continue to simmer until pork is very tender , about / hours . Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Transfer the pork shoulder to a large baking sheet , reserving the cooking liquid . Drizzle with a small amount of the reserved cooking liquid and lightly season with salt . Bake the pork in the preheated oven until browned , about minutes . Drizzle more of the cooking liquid on the meat every minutes , and use two forks to shred the meat as it browns . 
Prepare grill for indirect heat . Season meat with garlic powder , salt , and pepper . Lightly oil grate . Place tenderloin on grate , and position drip pan under meat . Cook over indirect heat for minutes . Brush tenderloin with barbeque sauce . Continue cooking for minutes , or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads degrees F ( degrees C ) . Allow pork to rest for minutes . Slice pork , and serve with additional barbeque sauce for dipping . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a bowl combine the mixed vegetables , chicken , cream of chicken soup and milk . Pour mixture into one of the pie crusts . Turn the other crust over and pop out of the tin onto the top of the filled pie . Seal the edges and poke holes in top crust . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for minutes or until crust is golden brown . 
Place almonds on an ungreased baking sheet . Toast at degrees F ( degrees C ) for to minutes . Mix broth , brown rice , and wild rice in a medium saucepan , and bring to boil . Reduce heat to low , cover , and simmer minutes , until rice is tender and broth is absorbed . In medium skillet , melt butter over medium-high heat . Add onions and brown sugar . Saute until butter is absorbed and onions are translucent and soft . Reduce heat , and cook onions for another minutes , until they are caramelized . Stir cranberries and mushrooms into the skillet . Cover , and cook minutes or until berries start to swell . Stir in almonds and orange zest , then fold the mixture into the cooked rice . Salt and pepper to taste . 
Place ground beef and onion in a large skillet . Turn heat to medium and cook and stir the mixture constantly until the beef is browned and forms small crumbles , about minutes . Stir in garlic and green bell pepper ; cook and stir until softened , to minutes . Add cup water and stir , scraping the pan to dissolve any brown flavor bits from the bottom of the skillet . Mix in ketchup , Worcestershire sauce , brown sugar , Dijon mustard , salt , and black pepper . Add more cup water and return mixture to a simmer . Reduce heat to low and simmer , stirring occasionally , until the liquid has evaporated and the mixture is thick , about minutes . Season with salt , black pepper , and cayenne pepper to taste . 
In a medium saucepan , bring the rice and water to a boil . Reduce heat to low , cover , and cook minutes . Heat the garlic oil in a skillet over medium heat . Season the salmon with salt , pepper , dill , and paprika , and cook in the hot oil to minutes on each side , until tender enough to break apart . Break salmon into cubes with a spatula or fork . Mix in the tomatoes , garlic , and lemon juice . Continue cooking until salmon is easily flaked with a fork . Mix the parsley , Parmesan cheese , butter , and hot pepper sauce into the skillet , and continue cooking to minutes , until well mixed . Serve over the cooked rice . 
Rub chicken breasts with olive oil and garlic ; sprinkle with salt , black pepper , rosemary , and basil . Arrange chicken in a large baking dish and refrigerate at least minutes . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Bake in preheated oven until chicken meat is no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear , to minutes . An instant-read thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the breast meat should read degrees F ( degrees C ) . 
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat . Saute the onion and garlic in the olive oil until onion is tender and garlic is lightly browned . Remove garlic , and stir in the parsley , celery , salt , and pepper . Cook until celery is tender , then add the mushrooms . Reduce heat to low , and continue cooking until the mushrooms are soft . Pour the milk and cream into the skillet , and stir in the rice . Heat to a simmer . Stir the vegetable stock into the rice one cup at a time , until it is absorbed . When the rice has finished cooking , stir in the butter and Parmesan cheese , and remove from heat . Serve hot . 
Mix together salt and flour in a small dish or plastic bag , then coat chicken and shake off excess . Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat . Shake excess flour from chicken , then brown in hot oil until both sides are golden-brown , and the inside has turned white and firm , to minutes per side . Remove the chicken , and set aside in a warm place . Pour white wine into the skillet , and allow to boil as you dissolve the cooked bits from the bottom of the pan . Add the lemon juice , and allow to come to a boil , cook for a few minutes until reduced by half . Sprinkle the cubed butter into the boiling sauce . Swirl and shake the pan vigorously to dissolve the butter , thus thickening the sauce . The butter must never come to rest , or the sauce will separate and become oily . Once the butter has completely incorporated , remove from heat and stir in capers . To serve , pour lemon-caper sauce over the chicken , and serve with a wedge of lemon . 
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil . Add linguini pasta , and cook for to minutes , or until al dente ; drain . Meanwhile , place chicken and Cajun seasoning in a bowl , and toss to coat . In a large skillet over medium heat , saute chicken in butter until no longer pink and juices run clear , about to minutes . Add green and red bell peppers , sliced mushrooms and green onions ; cook for to minutes . Reduce heat , and stir in heavy cream . Season the sauce with basil , lemon pepper , salt , garlic powder and ground black pepper , and heat through . In a large bowl , toss linguini with sauce . Sprinkle with grated Parmesan cheese . 
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil . Add pasta and cook for to minutes or until al dente ; drain . Melt butter in large skillet over medium heat . Saute garlic and mushrooms until golden brown . Stir in clams with juice , parsley , salt and white pepper . Cook over medium heat until hot . Toss with pasta until evenly coated . Serve garnished with Parmesan cheese . 
In a large , deep skillet fry the bacon over medium-high heat until evenly brown . Drain the bacon fat . Add the onions to the pan with the bacon and cook minutes or until the onions are translucent . Stir in the shrimp and chipotle chiles ; cook minutes or until heated through . Heat tortillas on an ungreased skillet over medium-high heat for to seconds . Turn and heat for another to seconds . Fill the heated tortillas with shrimp mixture . Sprinkle with cilantro , lime juice , and salt . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Heat tablespoons of oil in a skillet over medium-high heat . Fry tortillas ( one at a time ) for seconds on each side to soften and make them pliable . Add more oil to pan as needed . Drain between layers of paper towel and keep warm . Divide chicken , ounces of Monterey Jack cheese , and onion among the tortillas . Roll up each tortilla and place seam side down in a greased baking pan . Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat . Add the flour and whisk until mixture begins to boil . Slowly add the broth , stirring with a whisk until thickened . Mix in the sour cream and chiles , heat thoroughly but do not boil , stirring occasionally . Pour mixture over the enchiladas . Bake in pre-heated oven for minutes or until heated through . Top with remaining Monterey Jack cheese and bake for more minutes . Garnish with chopped green onions and cilantro . 
Peel the mangos and remove the pits . Place the pits into a slow cooker , then roughly chop the mango and set aside . Place the pork shoulder into the slow cooker , and season with the black pepper , kosher salt , and teaspoon chipotle powder ; pour in the balsamic vinegar and water . Cover , and cook on Low to hours until the meat is very tender . Once done , drain the pork , discarding the cooking liquid and mango pits , and shred with two forks . While the pork is cooking , puree the chopped mango in a blender until smooth , then pour into a saucepan along with the honey , teaspoon chipotle powder , and whiskey . Bring to a simmer . Reduce heat to medium-low , and simmer , stirring frequently until the mango has reduced and darkened slightly , about minutes . Stir in the barbeque sauce , and remove from the heat . Return the shredded pork to the slow cooker , and stir in the mango barbeque sauce . Cover , and cook on High to hours until the pork absorbs the barbeque sauce . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place pizza crust on cookie sheet . Spread with barbecue sauce . Scatter chicken over top . Sprinkle evenly with red pepper , green pepper and onion . Cover with cheese . Bake in preheated oven for to minutes , or until cheese is melted . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Heat oil in a large heavy skillet over medium-high heat . Brown steaks for to minutes on each side . While browning , season both sides with onion powder , garlic powder , salt and pepper . Transfer steaks to a x inch casserole dish , and sprinkle with chopped onion and sliced mushrooms . In a small bowl , combine condensed mushroom soup , water , onion soup mix and Worcestershire sauce . Mix until smooth , and pour over steaks . Cover pan with aluminum foil . Bake in preheated oven for minutes . 
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat . Stir barbeque sauce , Worcestershire sauce , and garlic powder together with the melted butter . Stir chicken into the sauce mixture to coat . Place cover on saucepan and simmer until the chicken pieces are cooked through and no longer pink in the middle , to minutes . Remove cover and spoon sauce over chicken pieces ; continue cooking until sauce thickens , about minutes more . 
Place mussels in a large bowl with cold water to cover . Let them soak for about minutes to remove any dirt or sand . Heat olive oil in a large stockpot over medium-low heat . Add garlic , and saute for one minute , but do not brown . Add the chopped green onion and tomatoes , and cook until almost tender . Pour in the white wine , and stir in the parsley and butter . Bring to a boil , and allow to boil until the liquid has reduced by half , about minutes . Season with salt and pepper to taste . Add the mussels to the pot , cover and allow to cook until the shells are opened , about minutes . Transfer the mussels and sauce to a large serving bowl , discarding any unopened shells . Bon appetit ! 
Dice the green onions , and set aside all but tablespoon . Slice the mushrooms , and set aside all but tablespoon . Finely chop the tablespoon of green onions and tablespoon of sliced mushrooms , and place in a bowl with the ground pork , tablespoon sesame oil , tablespoon soy sauce , egg , bread crumbs , salt , and pepper . Stir to thoroughly mix the pork filling . Spoon about tablespoon of the pork filling onto the center of each wonton wrapper . Use your finger or a pastry brush to lightly moisten the edges of the wonton wrappers with water . Fold one corner of the wrapper over the filling onto the opposite corner to form a triangle . Press the edges together to seal . Moisten the two long ends of the triangle , fold them together , and press them firmly to seal . Bring the chicken broth to a boil in a large saucepan over medium heat . Drop the wontons , one by one , into the broth , and let them cook for to minutes , until they float to the surface . Reduce heat to a simmer , and gently stir in the shrimp , bok choy , and reserved sliced mushrooms . Let the soup simmer more minutes , until the shrimp turn pink , and then drop in the snow pea pods . Garnish with the remaining green onions and a dash of soy sauce and sesame oil , and serve immediately . 
Cook pasta according to package directions . Drain , and set aside . Heat oil in a large pot . Add tomatoes , spinach , and garlic ; cook and stir minutes , or until spinach is wilted and mixture is thoroughly heated . Add pasta and cheese ; cook minute . Season to taste with salt and pepper . 
Rub salmon with about tablespoon brown sugar . Lightly sprinkle with lemon pepper and garlic powder ; rub seasoning into fish . Into a small saucepan set over medium heat , pour soy sauce and olive oil . Stir in ginger and remaining brown sugar , lemon pepper , and garlic powder . Bring to a gentle simmer , stirring constantly until sugar has dissolved . Remove from heat , stir in orange juice . Place fish and marinade into a resealable plastic bag , seal , and refrigerate overnight , or for at least hours . Preheat broiler . Place fish in a foil-lined baking pan . Reserve marinade . Broil fish skin-side up , minutes . Remove from oven , pull skin off with tongs . Baste with marinade , return to oven , and broil minutes more . Turn fish , and broil until fish flakes easily , about minutes . Remove from oven , and let sit minutes before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a large skillet over medium heat , fry the ground beef , bacon and onion together until ground beef is no longer pink . Drain fat . In a large mixing bowl , combine the kidney beans , baked beans with pork and butter beans . Stir in the ketchup , white vinegar , dry mustard , brown sugar and cook beef mixture . Mix thoroughly , adding salt and pepper to taste . Pour the bean and meat mixture into a x inch baking dish . Bake in preheated oven for to minutes . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a medium bowl , mix together the maple syrup , orange juice , ginger ale , brown sugar and honey . Stir in the juice from the maraschino cherries , and half of the cherries . Score the outer edge of the ham with a sharp knife in a diamond pattern . Cuts should be about / inch deep . This will allow the ham to soak up the juice . Place the ham into an oven bag , and carefully pour the juice mixture over it , keeping all of the juice in the bag . It may look like there is too much juice , but the ham will soak it up while baking . Place the pineapples onto the top of the ham , and secure with toothpicks . Place cherries into the centers of the rings , and secure with toothpicks also . Tie the end of the bag closed with the ties provided , place in a large roasting pan , and cut a few small slits in the top of the oven bag . Bake the ham for hours in the preheated oven . The internal temperature should be degrees F ( degrees C ) when done . Be sure not to touch the bone when taking the temperature . Remove ham from bag to a serving plate , and let stand for minutes before carving . 
Crumble the ground beef in a large skillet over medium-high heat . Add onion ; cook and stir until meat is no longer pink . Drain excess grease , and stir in the vinegar , brown sugar , mustard , ketchup , salt and pepper . Simmer over medium heat for about minutes . Serve on buns . 
In a large bowl , combine the pork , ginger , garlic , green onion , soy sauce , sesame oil , egg and cabbage . Stir until well mixed . Place heaping teaspoon of pork filling onto each wonton skin . Moisten edges with water and fold edges over to form a triangle shape . Roll edges slightly to seal in filling . Set dumplings aside on a lightly floured surface until ready to cook . To Cook : Steam dumplings in a covered bamboo or metal steamer for about to minutes . Serve immediately . 
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat . When hot , lightly oil grate . Combine the beer and onions in a large pot ; bring to a boil . Submerge the bratwurst in the beer ; add the red pepper flakes , garlic powder , salt , and pepper . Reduce heat to medium and cook another to minutes . Remove the bratwurst from the beer mixture ; reduce heat to low , and continue cooking the onions . Cook the bratwurst on the preheated grill , turning once , to minutes . Serve with the beer mixture as a topping or side . 
Place beef in a shallow dish . Combine teriyaki sauce , red wine and garlic ; pour over beef . Allow beef to marinate in refrigerator for minutes . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place tenderloin on broiler pan , and cook in preheated oven for minutes . Reduce heat to degrees F ( degrees C ) , and cook for to more minutes , or to desired doneness . Allow to set for minutes before slicing . In a saucepan over low heat , combine blue cheese , mayonnaise , sour cream and Worcestershire sauce . Stir until smooth ; serve over sliced tenderloin . 
Turn on broiler , and adjust rack so it is as close to heat source as possible . In a medium-size mixing bowl , mix together garlic , olive oil , thyme , vinegar , salt and pepper . Put the mushroom caps , bottom side up , in a shallow baking pan . Brush the caps with / the dressing . Put the caps under the broiler , and cook for minutes . Turn the caps , and brush with the remaining dressing . Broil minutes . Toast the buns lightly . In a small bowl , mix capers and mayonnaise . Spread mayonnaise mixture on the buns , top with mushroom caps , tomato and lettuce . 
Season chicken pieces with salt , pepper , and paprika . Roll in flour . Add / to / inch oil to a large , heavy skillet . Heat to approximately degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place chicken pieces in hot oil . Cover , and fry until golden , turning once , to minutes . Drain on paper towels . 
Mix together the vinegar , salt , pepper , garlic , onion , and olive oil in a large resealable bag until the salt has dissolved . Add lamb , toss until coated , and marinate in refrigerator for hours . Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat . Remove lamb from the marinade and leave any onions on that stick to the meat . Discard any remaining marinade . Wrap the exposed ends of the bones with aluminum foil to keep them from burning . Grill to desired doneness , about minutes per side for medium . The chops may also be broiled in the oven about minutes per side for medium . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Coat a large pan with non-stick cooking spray . Place corned beef in dish and add water . Cover tightly with aluminum foil and bake for hours ; drain liquid . In a small bowl combine apricot preserves , brown sugar , and soy sauce . Spread the apricot mixture evenly over the corned beef . Bake uncovered at degrees F ( degrees C ) to more minutes , or until the meat is tender ; basting occasionally with pan drippings . Slice corned beef across grain and serve . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place chicken breasts between two sheets of heavy plastic ( resealable freezer bags work well ) on a solid , level surface . Firmly pound chicken with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a thickness of / inch . Season chicken thoroughly with salt and pepper . Beat eggs in a shallow bowl and set aside . Mix bread crumbs and / cup Parmesan cheese in a separate bowl , set aside . Place flour in a sifter or strainer ; sprinkle over chicken breasts , evenly coating both sides . Dip flour coated chicken breast in beaten eggs . Transfer breast to breadcrumb mixture , pressing the crumbs into both sides . Repeat for each breast . Set aside breaded chicken breasts for about minutes . Heat cup olive oil in a large skillet on medium-high heat until it begins to shimmer . Cook chicken until golden , about minutes on each side . The chicken will finish cooking in the oven . Place chicken in a baking dish and top each breast with about / cup of tomato sauce . Layer each chicken breast with equal amounts of mozzarella cheese , fresh basil , and provolone cheese . Sprinkle to tablespoons of Parmesan cheese on top and drizzle with tablespoon olive oil . Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is browned and bubbly , and chicken breasts are no longer pink in the center , to minutes . An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least degrees F ( degrees C ) . 
Combine peeled shrimp , oil , and Cajun seasoning in a medium bowl . Set aside . Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil . Add pasta and cook for to minutes or until al dente ; drain . Meanwhile , melt butter over medium heat in a large frying pan . Cook and stir mushrooms and shallot in butter until tender . Remove from pan . Add shrimp cook until shrimp turn pink about to minutes . Remove from pan . Add / cup chicken broth to pan , and bring to a boil . Cook , uncovered , until reduced to / cup ( to minutes ) . In a small bowl , stir together sour cream and cornstarch ; mix in cup chicken broth . Stir into reduced chicken broth in the frying pan . Cook and stir until thick and bubbly . Cook minute more . Stir in shrimp , mushroom mixture , roasted red peppers , and capers . Heat through , and season to taste . Serve over pasta . 
Preheat an oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Grease a baking dish large enough to hold the tenderloin without folding it . Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat , and brown the pork tenderloin on all sides . Remove the browned tenderloin to the prepared baking dish . Sprinkle all sides of the meat with salt , pepper , and parsley . Cook and stir the onion and apple in the same skillet over medium heat until the onion becomes soft , about minutes , and pour in the Riesling wine . Scrape all the browned flavor bits off the bottom of the skillet and stir to help dissolve them into the wine . Bring to a boil , and pour the onion , apple , and wine mixture over the tenderloin . Mix together the apple jelly and balsamic vinegar in a bowl until the mixture is smooth and without lumps . Spread the jelly mixture all over the pork . Bake loin in the preheated oven until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads degrees F ( degrees C ) , to minutes . Allow the tenderloin to rest for minutes before slicing , and serve each slice with a spoonful of the apple-onion mixture . 
Prepare pasta according to package directions ; drain and set aside . Saute sausage in a large skillet over medium-high heat for minutes , turning occasionally . Add cream and Cajun seasoning ; bring to a boil . Reduce heat ; simmer gently for minutes or until mixture begins to thicken . Remove from heat , stir in Parmesan cheese . Add pasta to sauce and toss . 
Cut off tops of peppers , and remove ribs and seeds . Chop edible portions of tops ; set aside . Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil . Add peppers , reduce heat , and simmer until tender but still firm , about minutes . Drain and set aside . Heat butter in a medium skillet . Saute reserved chopped pepper , onion and celery until tender , to minutes . Stir in crushed tomatoes , tomato sauce and garlic . Season with basil , oregano , / teaspoons salt and / teaspoon pepper . Simmer uncovered for minutes . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Meanwhile , in a large mixing bowl , combine egg , teaspoon salt , / teaspoon pepper , Worcestershire sauce and Parmesan . Mix in hot sausage , mild sausage , bread crumbs and cup of the tomato sauce mixture . Using a piping bag or sausage stuffer , fill each pepper with the meat mixture . Place in a quart casserole dish , and pour remaining tomato sauce mixture over peppers . Bake uncovered in preheated oven for hour . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place the ham cut side down onto a sheet of aluminum foil . I like to put the shiny side up . Mix together the brown sugar , apricot jam and mustard powder in a small bowl . Brush onto the ham using a pastry or barbeque brush . Reserve any leftover glaze . Enclose the foil around the ham and place on a rimmed baking sheet . Roast for hours in the preheated oven , or if your ham is a different size , figure minutes per pound . Apply the remaining glaze minutes before the ham is done . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a large bowl , combine the egg , milk , cheese , oats and salt . Add the ground beef , mixing well , and form this mixture into eight miniature meatloaves . Place these in a lightly greased x inch baking dish . In a separate small bowl , combine the ketchup , brown sugar and mustard . Stir thoroughly and spread over each meatloaf . Bake , uncovered , at degrees F ( degrees C ) for minutes . 
Preheat the ovens broiler and set the oven rack about inches from the heat source . Line a broiler pan with aluminum foil . Spray the broiler pans rack with olive oil cooking spray . Sprinkle tilapia with sazon seasoning and arrange on the prepared broiler rack . Cook the fillets under the preheated broiler until fish is barely opaque , to minutes per side . Mix the Parmesan cheese , butter-margarine blend , fat-free mayonnaise , lemon juice , lemon zest , basil , black pepper , onion powder , and celery salt together in a bowl . Spread the Parmesan cheese blend over the fish fillets , return to oven , and continue cooking until the topping is golden brown and the fish flakes easily , to more minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Cook and stir ground beef with onion in a skillet over medium heat until meat is crumbly and no longer pink , about minutes . Drain grease . Stir cup Cheddar cheese , sour cream , parsley , taco seasoning , oregano , and black pepper into the ground beef until cheese has melted . Mix in enchilada sauce , chili powder , garlic , and salt ; bring to a simmer , reduce heat to low , and simmer until meat sauce is slightly thickened , about minutes . Lay a tortilla onto a work surface and spoon about / cup of meat sauce down the center of the tortilla . Top meat sauce with tablespoon black beans and a sprinkling of black olives . Roll the tortilla up , enclosing the filling , and lay seam-side down into a x-inch baking dish . Repeat with remaining tortillas . Spoon any remaining meat sauce over the enchiladas and scatter any remaining black beans and black olives over the top . Sprinkle tortillas with / cup Cheddar cheese . Bake in the preheated oven until cheese topping is melted and enchiladas and sauce are bubbling , to minutes . Let stand minutes before serving . 
To Make Dough : Place water , yeast , sugar , flour , salt and powdered milk in the pan of the bread machine , in the order suggested by the manufacturer . Select Dough cycle . After cycle is completed , roll out dough on a lightly floured surface . Meanwhile , brown sausage for about to minutes in a large skillet over medium heat . Drain excess fat and reserve . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Shape dough into a inch by inch rectangle . Transfer to a lightly greased cookie sheet , and spoon pizza sauce lengthwise down the center of the dough , followed by the browned sausage and the cheese . Make diagonal cuts / inches apart down each long side of the dough rectangle , cutting to within / inch of the filling . Criss-cross cut strips of dough over the filling and seal edges with water . Brush top of calzone with melted butter . Bake at degrees F ( degrees C ) for to minutes , or until golden brown . Remove from oven and cool for minutes , then slice and serve . 
Dissolve bouillon in water . Stir in the garlic , cayenne pepper , salt , and black pepper . Toss the meat in the marinade , cover , and marinate in the refrigerator for at least hours . Preheat a grill for high heat . Skewer the beef cubes , using to pieces per skewer . Pour the oil onto a plate , and roll the skewers in it to coat them on all sides . Grill the skewers , turning frequently , until the beef has turned light pink , to minutes . 
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat . Saute jalapeno pepper and garlic in hot oil until fragrant , about minute . Stir black beans , tomatoes , yellow corn , quinoa , and chicken broth into skillet ; season with red pepper flakes , chili powder , cumin , salt , and black pepper . Bring to a boil , cover the skillet with a lid , reduce heat to low , and simmer until quinoa is tender and liquid is mostly absorbed , about minutes . Stir avocado , lime juice , and cilantro into quinoa until combined . 
Place the pork shoulder , oranges , onion , garlic , kosher salt , cumin , black peppercorns , and bay leaves into a large Dutch oven . Add water to cover . Bring to a boil over high heat , then reduce the heat to medium-low , and simmer for minutes . Skim off any foam that rises to the top . Cover loosely , and simmer until the meat is tender , about / hours . Allow the pork to cool , covered , in the broth for hour . Shred the meat with two forks . 
In a large stock pot , over high heat , sear the pork in the vegetable oil until golden brown . Remove the pork from the pot , reserve tablespoons oil in the pan , and . Cook the chopped onion and garlic , seasoned with salt and pepper , in the reserved oil until onions are tender . Season with cumin , then stir in pork and chicken stock . Simmer for / hour . Stir in poblanos , jalapenos and bell peppers . Puree the tomatillos and cilantro in a blender , and add them to the pot . Cook an additional to minutes . 
Prepare an outdoor grill using charcoal briquettes stacked to deep . Season the steaks on both sides with steak seasoning . While the charcoal heats up , fry the bacon in a skillet over medium-high heat until crisp . Remove from the skillet and drain on paper towels . Leave grease in the pan . When the charcoal is covered with gray ashes , put the steaks on the grill . Cook for minutes , turning once , or to your desired degree of doneness . While the steaks are cooking , stir the butter , Worcestershire sauce and mustard into the bacon grease . Cook and stir over medium-high heat until butter has melted . Add the red bell pepper and mushrooms ; cook and stir until tender . To serve , place steaks onto plates . Top with bacon , then blue cheese and then the vegetables . Serve immediately . 
Combine water with salt , ground black pepper , oregano , basil , onion salt , parsley , garlic powder , bay leaf , and salad dressing mix in a saucepan . Stir well , and bring to a boil . Place roast in slow cooker , and pour salad dressing mixture over the meat . Cover , and cook on Low for to hours , or on High for to hours . When done , remove bay leaf , and shred meat with a fork . 
Preheat a panini grill . Slice each quarter of focaccia bread in half horizontally . Spread each half with pesto . Layer bottom halves with equal amounts chicken , bell pepper , onion , and cheese . Top with remaining focaccia halves , forming sandwiches . Grill paninis minutes in the preheated grill , or until focaccia bread is golden brown and cheese is melted . 
Heat the shortening in a large , cast iron skillet over medium-high heat . In a brown paper lunch bag , combine the flour , salt , and pepper . Shake two chicken pieces in the bag to coat , and place them in the skillet . Repeat until all of the chicken is coated and in the skillet . Fry the chicken over medium-high heat until all of the pieces have been browned on both sides . Turn the heat to medium-low , cover , and cook for minutes . Remove the lid , and increase heat to medium-high . Continue frying until chicken pieces are a deep golden brown , and the juices run clear . 
In a quart Dutch oven , Place the beef brisket , peppercorns , garlic powder , onion , bay leaves and salt . Fill pan with water to cover everything plus one inch . Bring to a boil and cook for minutes . Skim off any residue that floats to the top . Reduce heat to a simmer and cook for to hours , until meat can be pulled apart with a fork . Once the meat is done , add the cabbage , potatoes and carrots , pressing them down into the liquid . Simmer for an additional minutes or until the potatoes are tender . Skim off any oil that comes to the surface . Stir in the butter and parsley . Remove the pot from the heat . Remove meat from the pot and place onto a serving dish and let rest for minutes . Also remove vegetables to a bowl and keep warm . Slice meat on the diagonal against the grain . Serve meat on a platter and spoon juices over meat and vegetables . 
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat , and lightly oil the grate . Sprinkle teaspoon garlic powder on a chicken breast and season with salt and pepper . Lay one rosemary sprig on the chicken breast . Wrap the bacon around the chicken to hold the rosemary on . Secure the bacon with a toothpick or an additional thick rosemary stem . Cook the chicken breasts until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear , minutes per side . An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least degrees F ( degrees C ) . Stay near the grill to combat any flare ups from the bacon . Remove the toothpicks before serving . 
Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat , and cook the chicken pieces minutes on each side , or until juices run clear . Remove chicken from skillet , and set aside . Place onion in the skillet , and cook minutes , until tender . Mix in the carrot and garlic . Stir in the lentils and broth , and season with salt . Bring to a boil , cover , reduce heat to low , and simmer minutes . Return chicken to skillet . Cover , and continue cooking minutes . If the mixture becomes too dry , add a little water to just moisten . Stir tomato sauce into the skillet . Season with rosemary and basil . Continue cooking minutes , or until lentils are tender . Stir in lemon juice , and serve warm . 
Place chicken breast halves between two sheets of heavy plastic ( resealable freezer bags work well ) on a solid , level surface . Firmly pound chicken with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a thickness of / inch . Season with salt and pepper to taste . Heat olive oil in a skillet on high heat until it begins to shimmer , about minute . Reduce heat to medium ; cook chicken breasts until browned and no longer pink inside , about minutes per side . Transfer cooked chicken to a warm plate and loosely cover with aluminum foil . Melt butter in the skillet ; stir in flour and cook for about minutes . Stir in chicken broth , scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan ; cook and stir until gravy begins to simmer and thicken , to minutes . Stir in green onions and chipotle chile powder . Return chicken breasts to the skillet and cook until heated through , to minutes . 
In a large bowl , stir together the soy sauce , sugar , sesame seeds , sesame oil , shallots , garlic , and mirin . Add the meat , and stir to coat . Cover and refrigerate for to hours . Heat a large skillet over medium heat . Fry the meat for to minutes , or until no longer pink . Serve with salad or fried rice . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place chicken breasts between sheets of wax paper . Pound each to / inch thickness . Spread butter / margarine over the inside , then add salt and pepper to taste . Place slice of cheese on breast , roll and close with toothpicks . Repeat with each breast . Dip rolled breasts in flour , then egg , then breadcrumbs . Place coated breasts in a lightly greased x inch baking dish . To Make Sauce : In a saucepan , melt / cup butter and add garlic . Add wine and simmer all together . Pour sauce over chicken and bake in the preheated oven for to minutes . 
Place the pork shoulder roast into a large plastic bag , pour cup of root beer over the meat , and squeeze out all the air from the bag . Seal the bag closed , and refrigerate hours to overnight . The next day , mix together the light brown sugar , kosher salt , black pepper , paprika , dry mustard , onion powder , garlic salt , celery salt , cinnamon , ginger , and nutmeg in a bowl . Remove the meat from the marinade , and shake off the excess . Rub the meat all over with the spice mixture , wrap in plastic wrap , and refrigerate for minutes to hours . Mix together the balsamic vinegar , / cups of root beer , whiskey , and brown sugar in a bowl , and stir until the sugar dissolves . Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat , and sear the meat on all sides until the meat develops a brown crust , about minutes per side . Place the seared meat into a slow cooker . Pour the balsamic vinegar-root beer mixture over the meat , set the slow cooker to High , and cook for to hours . Remove the roast from the slow cooker , and shred with forks . Discard the bones and all but cup of the liquid in the slow cooker . Return the shredded meat to the cooker , mix in the barbecue sauce , and let sit on Low until ready to serve . Serve piled on buns . 
In a large bowl , mix ground turkey , seasoned bread crumbs , onion , egg whites , parsley , garlic , salt , and pepper . Form into patties . Cook the patties in a medium skillet over medium heat , turning once , to an internal temperature of degrees F ( degrees C ) . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a baking sheet with a piece of aluminum foil , and spray with nonstick cooking spray . Place the salmon fillets onto the foil , sprinkle with basil , top with tomato slices , drizzle with olive oil , and sprinkle with the Parmesan cheese . Bake in the preheated oven until the salmon is opaque in the center , and the Parmesan cheese is lightly browned on top , about minutes . 
Place milk and breadcrumbs in separate shallow bowls . Dip chicken in the milk , then coat with breadcrumbs . In a skillet over medium heat , fry chicken in butter or margarine , on both sides , until the juices run clear . Remove from skillet and keep warm . Add the broth to the skillet ; bring to a boil over medium heat . Stir to loosen browned bits from pan . Stir in the cream and pimentos ; boil and stir for one minute . Reduce heat ; add the Parmesan cheese , basil and black pepper . Simmer and stir until heated through . To serve , pour the sauce over the chicken . 
Heat oil in deep-fryer to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Meanwhile , in a mixing bowl , combine cornstarch , salt and pepper together . Mix thoroughly . Toss the steak slices in the cornstarch mixture and coat well . Deep fry the coated steak slices until golden brown . Check to make sure they are cooked through . Remove from oil , and set aside . In another mixing bowl , combine the soy sauce , rice vinegar , rice wine and honey . Add sugar , chili paste , water , and ginger . Mix well and set aside . Heat a wok or deep frying pan over medium high heat . Add tablespoon of oil , and quickly saute the onion , garlic and red pepper for seconds . Add the sauce mixture , and cook another seconds . Finally , add the strips of fried steak and toss to heat through and coat with sauce . 
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat ; cook and stir onion and garlic until tender , about minutes . Mix lentils and taco seasoning into onion mixture ; cook and stir for minute . Pour chicken broth into skillet and bring to a boil . Reduce heat to low , cover the skillet , and simmer until lentils are tender , to minutes . Uncover the skillet and cook until mixture is slightly thickened , to minutes . Mash lentils slightly ; stir in salsa . Serve about / cup lentil mixture in each taco shell . 
In a small bowl , mix together paprika , dry mustard , cayenne pepper , cumin , black pepper , white pepper , thyme and salt ; set aside . Heat a heavy cast iron pan on high heat until extremely hot , about minutes . Pour / cup melted butter into a shallow dish . Dip each fillet into butter , turning once to coat both sides . Sprinkle both sides of fillets with spice mixture , and gently pat mixture onto fish . Place fillets into hot pan without crowding . Carefully pour about teaspoon melted butter over each fillet . Cook until fish has a charred appearance , about minutes . Turn fillets , spoon teaspoon melted butter over each , and cook until charred . Repeat with remaining fish . 
Cut the veal into steaks , about as thick as your finger . Dredge in flour . In a shallow dish , beat the eggs with tablespoon oil , salt and pepper . Coat the veal with egg mixture , then with bread crumbs . Heat / cup oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat . Fry veal until golden brown , about minutes on each side . 
Place oven rack in its highest position . Set oven to Broil . Rub steaks all over with olive oil . Sprinkle with onion powder , then with salt and pepper . Wrap one slice of bacon around each steak , and secure with a toothpick . Place steaks onto a broiler pan , and broil for to minutes . Turn the steaks over , and sprinkle the tops with shallots . Broil for an additional to minutes , or until the steaks are cooked to your liking . 
Pour the vegetable oil into the bottom of a slow cooker . Place the pork roast into the slow cooker ; pour in the barbecue sauce , apple cider vinegar , and chicken broth . Stir in the brown sugar , yellow mustard , Worcestershire sauce , chili powder , onion , garlic , and thyme . Cover and cook on High until the roast shreds easily with a fork , to hours . Remove the roast from the slow cooker , and shred the meat using two forks . Return the shredded pork to the slow cooker , and stir the meat into the juices . Spread the inside of both halves of hamburger buns with butter . Toast the buns , butter side down , in a skillet over medium heat until golden brown . Spoon pork into the toasted buns . 
In a shallow plate or bowl , mix the flour , seasoned salt , garlic powder , salt and pepper . Roll or shake the chicken pieces in the flour mixture and place on a platter . Then dip each chicken piece in the egg and roll again in flour mixture . Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large skillet to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Fry coated chicken pieces in hot oil for about minutes on each side . Cover skillet and cook on lower heat for about minutes . Remove cover , turn up heat and fry for minutes on each side to make chicken crispy . Chicken is done when it is no longer pink inside and its juices run clear . Drain fried chicken on paper towels and keep warm in oven until ready to serve . 
Place chicken breasts on a cutting board . With a sharp knife , slice chicken breasts horizontally , without slicing them completely in half . Open the chicken breasts like a book . Place chicken and marinade into a large resealable plastic bag . Refrigerate for minutes . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place opened chicken breasts on a broiler pan . Place basil leaves on the bottom half of each chicken breast . Top each with or tomato slices and slice of cheese , and fold over top half of chicken ( if necessary , fasten with toothpicks ) . Wrap slices bacon around each chicken breast . Cook in preheated oven for minutes . Turn chicken , and cook minutes more . Remove from oven , and sprinkle chicken with Parmesan . Return to oven , and cook until cheese is melted , about to minutes . 
Season pork chops with salt and black pepper . Heat oil and butter in a heavy skillet over medium-high heat . Cook pork chops in the hot oil mixture until browned on both sides and pork is slightly pink in the center , to minutes per side . An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least degrees F ( degrees C ) . Remove pan from the heat ; transfer pork chops to a plate . Stir garlic into the pan and place over medium-high heat ; cook and stir for seconds . Pour in vinegar and scrape up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan . Add apple cider and Dijon mustard , bring mixture to a boil , and cook until sauce is reduced and thick , to minutes . Stir in rosemary and red pepper flakes ; season with salt and black pepper to taste . Return pork chops to the pan to warm slightly , to minutes per side . 
In a shallow glass dish , mix the oil , lime juice , lime zest , garlic , oregano , red pepper flakes , salt , and black pepper . Add chicken , and turn to coat . Cover , and marinate in the refrigerator for hour , turning occasionally . Preheat grill for medium-high heat . Lightly oil the grill grate . Drain and discard marinade . Grill chicken for to minutes each side , or until juices run clear . 
In a large skillet over medium heat , brown the Italian sausage until the inside is no longer pink . Cut sausage into / inch slices , and continue cooking until browned . Stir in the zucchini , yellow squash , and onion ; cook and stir for minutes . Pour in the tomatoes , with liquid . Reduce heat , cover , and simmer for to minutes . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) and pre-bake crusts for minutes . Set aside to cool on racks . In a large skillet , saute green pepper , onion and mushrooms until onions are soft and translucent . Remove from heat and set aside . In a large bowl , mix eggs and cream together . Stir in the shredded Jack and Swiss cheese , chopped ham and sauteed vegetables . Stir in vinegar and season with tarragon , garlic powder , nutmeg , parsley , salt and pepper . Divide filling into the baked pie crusts . Bake in the preheated oven for to minutes , or until filling is set and crusts are golden brown . 
Place the potatoes in a pot , cover with cold water , and bring to a boil over medium-high heat . Turn the heat to medium-low , and boil the potatoes until tender , about minutes ; drain . Stir the vegan mayonnaise , soy milk , olive oil , vegan cream cheese , and salt into the potatoes , and mash with a potato masher until smooth and fluffy . Set the potatoes aside . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) , and spray a quart baking dish with cooking spray . Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat , and cook and stir the onion , carrots , celery , frozen peas , and tomato until softened , about minutes . Stir in the Italian seasoning , garlic , and pepper . Reduce the heat to medium-low , and crumble the vegetarian ground beef substitute into the skillet with the vegetables . Cook and stir , breaking up the meat substitute , until the mixture is hot , about minutes . Spread the vegetarian meat substitute mixture into the bottom of the baking dish , and top with the mashed potatoes , smoothing them into an even layer . Sprinkle the potatoes with the shredded soy cheese . Bake in the preheated oven until the cheese is melted and slightly browned and the casserole is hot , about minutes . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place ham in a roasting pan . Score the rind of the ham with a diamond pattern . Press a clove into the center of each diamond . Drain the juice from the pineapple rings into a medium bowl , and stir in the brown sugar and lemon-lime soda . Coat the ham with this mixture . Arrange the pineapple rings over the outside of the ham . Place a maraschino cherry in the center of each pineapple ring , and secure with a toothpick . Bake uncovered for to hours , basting frequently with the juices , until the internal temperature of the ham is degrees F ( degrees C ) . Be sure the meat thermometer is not touching the bone . Remove toothpicks before serving . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place chicken pieces in a shallow baking pan , skin side up . Combine the melted butter or margarine , honey , mustard , salt and curry powder and pour the mixture over the chicken . Bake in the preheated oven for / hours ( minutes ) , basting every minutes with pan drippings , until the chicken is nicely browned and tender and the juices run clear . 
Pour heavy cream into a saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat . Reduce heat and simmer until the cream has reduced by half , stirring occasionally , about an hour . Remove from heat and whisk in the Gorgonzola cheese and Parmesan cheese , salt , pepper , and nutmeg , until the cheese has melted . Season the beef tenderloin with lemon pepper , garlic powder , onion powder , salt , and pepper . Set aside . Place the bacon in a large , deep skillet , and cook over medium-high heat , stirring occasionally , until evenly browned , about minutes . Drain the bacon on a paper towel-lined plate . Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat , and lightly oil the grate . Cook the steaks until they start to firm , and are reddish-pink and juicy in the center , to minutes per side . An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read degrees F ( degrees C ) . Remove the steaks from the grill and tent with foil to rest for to minutes . Serve each steak with the Gorgonzola sauce and top with crumbled bacon and chopped green onion . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a large skillet brown the chicken in butter / margarine . Season with salt and pepper . Remove from skillet and place in a lightly greased x inch baking dish . In the drippings ( in the skillet ) , saute onion and celery until tender . Add cranberry sauce and barbecue sauce . Mix well . Pour cranberry mixture over chicken and bake in the preheated oven for minutes , basting every minutes . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Make slits all over the roast by pricking with a small knife . Insert slivers of sliced garlic . Season the roast with salt and pepper , then spread generously with mustard . Place on a rack in a roasting pan , and cover . Roast for minutes in the preheated oven . Turn off oven . Leave oven closed , and do not peek for minutes . The internal temperature of the meat should be at least degrees F ( degrees C ) for medium-rare , or degrees F ( degrees C ) for medium . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place the ham in a roasting pan and dot with cloves . In a saucepan combine the pineapple juice , brown sugar , honey and orange juice . Stir and simmer over medium-low heat until thickened , about minutes . Pour the glaze over the ham . Bake the ham uncovered for hour in the preheated oven . 
Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Place the chicken into a x inch baking dish . In a medium bowl , stir together the condensed soup and sour cream . Pour over the chicken . In a separate bowl , stir together the crushed crackers , poppy seeds and melted butter . Sprinkle over the chicken and sauce . Bake for minutes in the preheated oven , until the top of the casserole is browned and the sauce is bubbly . 
In a medium bowl combine the garlic , prunes , olives , capers , olive oil , vinegar , bay leaves , oregano , salt and pepper . Mix well . Spread mixture in the bottom of a x inch baking dish . Add the chicken pieces , stir and turn to coat . Cover and refrigerate overnight . When ready to prepare , preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Remove dish from refrigerator . Sprinkle brown sugar on top and pour white wine all around chicken . Bake in preheated oven for hour , spooning juices over chicken several times as it is baking . Serve on a platter , pouring juices over the top , and garnish with fresh parsley . 
Place the roast in a roasting pan with the fatty side up . In a small bowl , mix together the garlic , olive oil , salt , pepper and thyme . Spread the mixture over the fatty layer of the roast , and let the roast sit out until it is at room temperature , no longer than hour . Preheat the oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Bake the roast for minutes in the preheated oven , then reduce the temperature to degrees F ( degrees C ) , and continue roasting for an additional to minutes . The internal temperature of the roast should be at degrees F ( degrees C ) for medium rare . Allow the roast to rest for or minutes before carving so the meat can retain its juices . 
Place the chicken breast halves in a dish with the / cups of teriyaki sauce . Cover and refrigerate hours or overnight . Preheat a grill for high heat . Lightly oil the grill grate . Place chicken breasts on grill , and discard marinade . Cook for minutes per side , or until juices run clear . Brush with the remaining teriyaki sauce during the last minutes . When almost done , place one pineapple ring on top of each breast , and brush with melted butter . In a small saucepan over medium heat , mix the brown sugar , soy sauce , pineapple juice , and Worcestershire sauce . Cook , stirring occasionally , until sugar is dissolved . Serve with chicken for dipping ! 
Preheat grill for high heat . In a medium bowl , mix together brown sugar , vinegar , vegetable oil , and mustard . Thread ham and pineapple chunks alternately onto skewers . Lightly oil grill grate . Place skewers on the prepared grill , and brush liberally with the brown sugar mixture . Cook for to minutes , turning frequently and basting often . Serve when heated through and richly glazed . 
Place roast in a slow cooker . Form a pocket in the top of roast and place butter , pepperoncini peppers , ranch dressing mix , and au jus mix in the pocket . Cook on Low for hours . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( C ) . Place bacon and ground beef in a large , deep skillet . Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown . Drain and set aside . In a four quart casserole dish , mix together the bacon , ground beef , pork and beans , kidney beans , butter beans , lima beans , ketchup , onion , vinegar , dry mustard and celery . Cover and bake for hour . 
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil . Add pasta and cook for to minutes or until al dente ; drain . Meanwhile , melt butter together with the olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat . Stir in onion , and cook until softened and translucent , about minutes . Stir in garlic , red pepper , and mushroom ; cook over medium-high heat until soft , about minutes more . Stir in the shrimp , and cook until firm and pink , then pour in Alfredo sauce , Romano cheese , and cream ; bring to a simmer stirring constantly until thickened , about minutes . Season with cayenne , salt , and pepper to taste . Stir drained pasta into the sauce , and serve sprinkled with chopped parsley . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a large mixing bowl , combine ground meat , minced mushrooms , bread crumbs , onion , ketchup , eggs , and salt and pepper . Mix well . Spread / of the mixture into the bottom of a loaf pan . Arrange whole mushrooms stem down into meat . Top with rest of meat , patting to combine both halves . Bake for hour and minutes , or until done . Internal temperature should measure degrees F ( degrees C ) when done . 
Heat the butter and olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat . Place salmon in the skillet , and season with garlic , lemon pepper and salt . Pour / cup water around salmon . Place tomatoes and cilantro in the skillet . Cover , and cook minutes , or until fish is easily flaked with a fork . Bring cups water to boil in a pot . Remove form heat , and mix in couscous . Cover , and let sit minutes . Serve the cooked salmon over couscous , and drizzle with sauce from skillet . 
Place beef chuck roast into a slow cooker and scatter onion quarters around the meat . Pour the beef broth over the meat and sprinkle the au jus mix , Italian salad dressing mix , salt , and black pepper over the roast . Cover cooker , set on Low , and cook until meat is very tender , to hours . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Spray a baking dish with cooking spray . Whisk egg in a shallow bowl . Mix Parmesan cheese and Cajun seasoning together on a plate . Dip each pork chop into egg . Press into Parmesan mixture until coated on both sides . Place in the prepared baking dish . Bake in the preheated oven until golden and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads at least degrees F ( degrees C ) , to minutes . 
Remove the tenderloin from each chicken breast half . Fillet each chicken breast half into slices . Pound each piece of chicken , including the tenderloins , to / inch thickness . Place chicken in a bowl and pour in enough milk to completely cover chicken ; soak for minutes . Mix bread crumbs , Pecorino Romano cheese , and parsley together in a bowl . Remove chicken from milk and dredge through bread crumb mixture until each piece is evenly coated . Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat ; cook chicken in the hot oil until lightly browned , to minutes per side . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly butter a baking dish . Transfer chicken to the prepared baking dish , reserving tablespoon olive oil in the skillet . Sprinkle salt and pepper over chicken . Place slice lemon onto each chicken piece . Pour wine into the skillet with reserved olive oil ; bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off of the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon . Add chicken broth and lemon juice and boil until reduced by half , to minutes . Pour wine mixture over chicken and drizzle brandied orange liqueur over each . Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink in the center and sauce is bubbling , to minutes . 
In a blender or food processor , process the olive oil , sesame oil , lemon juice , onion , garlic , ginger , cilantro , paprika , salt , and pepper until smooth . Reserve a small amount for basting . Pour the remaining mixture into a dish , add shrimp , and stir to coat . Cover , and refrigerate for hours . Preheat grill for medium heat . Thread shrimp onto skewers , piercing once near the tail and once near the head . Discard marinade . Lightly oil grill grate . Grill shrimp for to minutes per side , or until opaque . Baste with reserved sauce while cooking . 
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil . Add pasta and cook for to minutes or until al dente ; drain . In a large skillet add the olive oil and butter . Heat until butter is melted . Add the garlic and saute until tender . Add the scallops and shrimp . Cook until shrimp is pink , about minutes . Add clam juice , salt and pepper . Cook for minutes more . To the cooked pasta add the tomatoes , parsley and lemon zest , toss . Pour seafood mixture over the linguini , serve immediately . 
Whisk together the olive oil , soy sauce , lemon juice , garlic , red pepper flakes , black pepper , ginger , green onion , and salt in a bowl . Add the mahi mahi and toss to evenly coat . Cover the bowl with plastic wrap , and marinate in the refrigerator for hour . Preheat the ovens broiler and set the oven rack in the middle of the oven . Bring the rice , water , chicken bouillon , and tablespoon butter to a boil in a saucepan over high heat . Reduce heat to medium-low , cover , and simmer until the liquid has been absorbed , about minutes . Pour in the coconut milk and tablespoons of sugar . Stir , and simmer uncovered until the rice has absorbed most of the coconut milk . While the rice is cooking , remove the mahi mahi from the marinade , and shake off excess . Discard the remaining marinade . Place fish in a large baking dish in a single layer . Broil in the preheated oven until the fish flakes easily with a fork , to minutes . If the fish browns too quickly , cover the baking dish with a sheet of aluminum foil . Melt / teaspoons butter and / tablespoons of sugar in a skillet over medium-high heat . When the mixture begins to bubble , stir in mango cubes . Cook and stir until mango is tender , about minutes . Serve by placing a mahi mahi fillet over a scoop of hot rice and top with the mango salsa . 
Combine ground beef , Worcestershire sauce , garlic salt , and pepper in a large bowl ; mix well . Form , thin patties from the beef . Each patty should be slightly larger than a slice of cheese . Cut each slice of American cheese into equal pieces ; stack the pieces . Sandwich one stack of cheese between ground beef patties . Tightly pinch edges together tightly seal the cheese within the meat . Repeat with the remaining cheese and patties . Preheat a cast-iron or other heavy bottomed skillet over medium heat . Cook burgers until well browned , about minutes . It is common for burgers to puff up due to steam from the melting cheese . Turn burgers and prick the top of each to allow steam to escape ; cook until browned on the outside and no longer pink on the inside ; about minutes . Serve on hamburger buns . 
Melt butter in a large stock pot over medium heat . Add garlic and let sizzle for about seconds . Season with red pepper flakes and lemon zest , stirring for about seconds . Quickly pour in wine into the pan and season with black pepper . Bring sauce to a boil , stir in mussels , and cover immediately . Shake pot and let boil for minute . Stir mussels , replace cover , and let boil for more minutes . The shells will begin to open . Stir in parsley , cover pot , and cook until all shells are open , to minutes . Serve with grilled bread and lemon wedge . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Season the salmon fillets with salt , garlic powder , and onion powder . Divide / of the spinach between two sheets of puff pastry , and mound in the center . Place a salmon fillet on top of each mound of spinach . Spread the pesto on the salmon fillets , and top with remaining spinach . Moisten the edges of the puff pastry with water , fold to the center , and seal the seams . Bake in preheated oven for to minutes until the pastry is puffed and golden , and the salmon has cooked all the way through . 
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat . Cook garlic in butter briefly . Stir in wine , and season with oregano , parsley , and red pepper flakes . Place clams in the wine mixture . Cover , and steam until all the clams have opened : discard any that do not open . Serve in soup bowls , and ladle broth generously over them . 
In a large bowl , combine flour and salt . Cut in shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs . Stir in water until mixture forms a ball . Shape into a ball . Wrap in plastic and refrigerate . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a baking sheet with parchment paper . In a large bowl , combine meat , potatoes , onion , rutabaga and chopped carrots . Season with salt and pepper . Divide dough into six pieces , and shape into balls . On a lightly floured surface , roll each ball into a inch round . Place approximately cup filling on one half of each . Dot each with tablespoon margarine . Draw the other half of the pastry over the filling . Crimp edges to seal in filling . Prick with a fork and place on prepared baking sheet . Bake in preheated oven for hour . 
In a large skillet over medium heat , combine the mushrooms , onion , sherry , butter or margarine and parsley and saute until all the liquid is absorbed and the mixture resembles a paste . Cover the top of each steak with the mixture . Partially thaw the puff pastry sheets and roll out pieces thin enough to cover the top , sides and bottom of each steak . Place the steaks on a baking sheet , cover with plastic wrap and store in the refrigerator until serving time . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Bake steaks uncovered in the preheated oven for minutes . ( Note : They will be rare but will continue cooking while dish is sitting . ) 
Grind garlic and a pinch of salt together in a mortar and pestle until garlic is completely smashed . Add parsley and mix until completely incorporated . Pound butter into garlic mixture with pestle until parsley and garlic are fully incorporated into the butter . Wrap the butter mixture in plastic wrap and refrigerate until cold , at least minutes . Season chicken breasts with salt and pepper . Place / the butter mixture in the center of wider end of each chicken breast . Fold the narrower end of each chicken breast up over the butter to form a tight pocket around the butter . Gather the sides of each chicken breast to the center to form a round ball . The top of the chicken will be smooth and the bottom will be gathered . Tightly wrap each chicken breast ball in plastic wrap , put wrapped breasts on a plate , and chill in the freezer until the gathered bottoms hold together and are slightly firm , about minutes . Whisk flour and teaspoons salt together in a shallow bowl . Whisk eggs together in another shallow bowl . Pour panko bread crumbs into another bowl . Remove chicken breast balls from plastic wrap . Gently press each chicken breast ball into flour mixture to coat and shake off any excess flour . Dip into beaten eggs , then press into bread crumbs . Place breaded chicken onto a plate , cover with plastic wrap , and return to the freezer to chill until firm , about minutes . Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil . Working in batches , cook chicken , gathered-side down , in hot oil and until lightly golden on both sides , about minute per side . Transfer to prepared baking sheet . Sprinkle salt and cayenne pepper over the top . Bake in the preheated oven until you can hear the butter start to sizzle on the baking sheet , to minutes . An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least degrees F ( degrees C ) . Let rest for minutes before serving . 
Pierce pork all over with a carving fork . Rub salt then liquid smoke over meat . Place roast in a slow cooker . Cover , and cook on Low for to hours , turning once during cooking time . Remove meat from slow cooker , and shred , adding drippings as needed to moisten . 
Soak raisins in lukewarm water for minutes . Drain and set aside . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Heat olive oil in a large saucepan or skillet over high heat . Saute onion and garlic until soft . Stir in raisins , tomatoes , olives , pine nuts and capers . Cover pan , reduce heat to medium and cook for minutes . Season the steaks with salt and pepper . Place in a lightly oiled baking dish and cover with the cooked sauce . Bake in preheated oven for to minutes , until steaks are firm . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . In a medium bowl , mix mayonnaise , spinach , feta cheese , and garlic until well blended . Set aside . Carefully butterfly chicken breasts , making sure not to cut all the way through . Spoon spinach mixture into chicken breasts . Wrap each with a piece of bacon , and secure with a toothpick . Place in shallow baking dish . Cover . Bake in the preheated oven for hour , or until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear . An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least degrees F ( degrees C ) . 
Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Lightly grease a medium baking sheet . Pour egg into a small shallow bowl . Place bread crumbs in a separate shallow bowl . Dip chicken into egg , then into the bread crumbs . Place coated chicken on the prepared baking sheet and bake in the preheated oven for minutes , or until no longer pink and juices run clear . Pour / of the spaghetti sauce into a x inch baking dish . Place chicken over sauce , and cover with remaining sauce . Sprinkle mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses on top and return to the preheated oven for minutes . 
Place ribs in a large pot with enough water to cover . Season with garlic powder , black pepper and salt . Bring water to a boil , and cook ribs until tender . Preheat oven to degrees F ( degrees C ) . Remove ribs from pot , and place them in a x inch baking dish . Pour barbeque sauce over ribs . Cover dish with aluminum foil , and bake in the preheated oven for to / hours , or until internal temperature of pork has reached degrees F ( degrees C ) . 
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil . Add pasta and cook for to minutes or until al dente ; drain . In large skillet , heat oil over moderate heat . Remove casing from sausage and add to skillet . Cook , breaking up the meat , until brown . Add garlic and red pepper and cook , stirring until garlic is golden brown . Add tomatoes and salt ; bring to boil . Reduce heat and simmer minutes . Add vodka and cream and bring to boil . Reduce heat to low and add pasta , toss for minute . Stir in fresh parsley and serve ! 
